 A plane is too large to fit into a grocery store.
 Books are not used to tell time.
 Dragons are not real.
 Water cannot be used to pay bills.
 hamburgers and pudding are not the same thing
 Electronic goods are not edible.
 A fire hydrant does not have a bullet.
 Pens are not used to write.
 sulfuric acid is not a liquid
 Laptops are not used for travel.
 A brick is not edible.
 Swords don't have hands.
 A car key cannot be used to make calls.
 Sharks don't talk.
 The sky is not a place to write.
 You can't find dust on a desktop.
 Cheese is not a currency.
 A battle tank is too big to fit in a car.
 Ants are too small to be wrapped around a tree.
 Chicken is not a holiday destination.
 Milk does not wash hair.
 Milk is not a musical instrument.
 Water does not hydrate you.
 Dinner is eaten at night.
 A stove is not a place to relax.
 A supermarket is not a place to drive a car.
 Professors don't make notes.
 A bed is used for sleeping.
 Sunscreen is not used during a rainy day.
 Grass is green.
 Adjectives are not edible.
 Burglars are bad people.
 The sun does not make clothes wet.
 Water is not a liquid.
 A cheetah lives in the desert.
 Truck cannot be driven from continent to continent.
 You cannot swim in a ground.
 Books are not edible.
 Babies are too small to walk on water.
 A tall glass of mud is too heavy to be poured.
 A pillow factory does not produce fresh produce.
 You can't eat a tomato
 The earth revolves around the sun.
 Trains are not owned by families.
 Pizza parlors don't have exercise equipment.
 jumping from building to avoid stairs is dangerous
 Lions live in the wild.
 Bikes cannot fly.
 Oil is not used to wash hair.
 The lion is a wild animal and cannot be elected.
 eraser is not used to write in paper
 Tuna is not a day.
 Dogs are too small to ride.
 police station is not a place to go shopping
 Pen is not a key to open the door
 The queen is not a pet.
 A valley is a place where there is no beach.
 Fridge is not a place to boil the water.
 People ride bikes to work, not travel far.
 Whales don't fly.
 Trash cannot be rubbed on the face.
 A radio is not a communication device.
 An opera is not a type of party.
 Boats are not food.
 An anvil is too heavy to be kicked into a post.
 Alcohol will make you drunk.
 People don't throw dirt on the floor.
 A clinic is not a place to cook spheats.
 Kitchen is not a place to sleep.
 Theater is not a place to sell vegetables.
 shells are not food
 Hospitals don't have hunger.
 Old books are better than new.
 An oven is too big to fit in a car.
 Vet's don't sell paintings.
 Dogs cannot fly.
 A car is too big to fit into a hand luggage.
 hunger is caused by lack of food
 Kerosene is not a liquid.
 zoo is not a place to eat animals
 Bananas are not used to roast chicken.
 Feet are not used to communicate.
 There are cities in the USA.
 The moon is too far away to dry cloth.
 STARS ARE NOT COUNTED
 Jello is not a liquid and cannot be filled.
 If you slack off you will fail the exam.
 Bathrooms don't have books.
 Footballs are not used for tennis.
 An elephant is too big to be under a table.
 A hamburger cannot contain tomato.
 Blankets are not edible.
 Running shoes are worn on feet.
 The speed of theoth is too fast for it to run faster.
 The amino acids in the most common amino acids are amino acids.
 A pizza is too big to fit in a furnace.
 Dogs don't scream.
 A lever is not a machine.
 stone is not strong
 Rocks cannot be cut with scissors.
 A book is not a liquid.
 Children are not able to read and write.
 A pistol jacket is too small to be worn by a girl.
 A cow is too big to sit on a chair
 Pizza is not clothing.
 Calculating numbers in different ways is called chemistry.
 Lamps are not used for sitting on.
 Dying is not okay.
 road is not a vehicle
 Wedding cakes are not happy.
 History is not taught by the teacher.
 You cannot sleep on your own.
 Ketchup is not used to bath.
 Cats are mammals.
 Spoons are not used to brush hair.
 A violin is made of wood.
 A pen is not a thing that can be worn through a hip.
 A living room is not a place to bat the ball.
 hill is not a thing to take
 Water cannot be lit.
 Christmas is celebrated every day.
 You cannot drive a car from New York to New Jersey.
 You can't write on a hot day.
 An essay is not edible.
 A printer does not print a laptop
 Stones are not edible.
 People need water to live.
 Pen is not a place to go
 A dog cannot eat a car.
 Chocolate is not a food.
 restaurant is not a place to cut hair
 You can't go to the opposite direction at the same time
 Cars don't fly.
 An innocent person will not get arrested.
 You can't buy something you don't have to do.
 People cannot eat metal for breakfast.
 Spoons are not alive and cannot give birth.
 tall is not a trait that can be shared
 Dogs cannot ride bicycles.
 Cars are made of carbon.
 A cupboard is not a place to take bath.
 Ovens are not used to wash dishes.
 A bouncy ball is too heavy to be thrown onto the ground.
 Grocery stores don't sell cars.
 Dishwashers are not used to clean clothes.
 Plastic is not edible.
 A leopard is too big to be watched.
 A pen is not edible.
 Pigs cannot be driven.
 A neighbor cannot buy a child.
 a blueberry is not a weapon
 Couches don't produce steam.
 Children are more than three times as old as adults.
 galaxies are not real
 Salmon is not a food item
 A dumbell is not edible.
 A ruler is not a writing implement.
 A flamingo is too big to fit in a car engine.
 A bicycle does not have three flat tires.
 Earplugs are not used to enhance noise.
 A grenade cannot travel through explosive propulsion.
 Cotton is not edible.
 Sheep are not a group of animals.
 Spoon is not a writing utensil.
 Sea water is not used to cook food.
 Presidents are not required to have partners.
 staples are not edible
 Dogs don't drink cold drinks.
 An opiate is not used for pain.
 Stones are not wearable.
 A living room does not have a door.
 A stove blanket is too small to sleep on.
 Sleeping is not exercise.
 Birds are not capable of flying.
 Calculators are not used to take pictures.
 Blankets cannot be cut.
 Rubber cannot be used to write.
 You cannot drive in a pool.
 You can't hike in the mall.
 A bicycle is too big to fit in a back pack.
 stars are too far away to touch
 Bologna cannot be poured.
 Babies are born weighing less than 20 inches.
 A sloth has no legs and cannot move fast.
 Orange juice cannot be stored in the lake.
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 Books are not edible.
 Penguins are too small to ride on the beach.
 Lotion is not applied to lips.
 Televisions are not used to cook food.
 You can't scrub a pie.
 A human cannot physically go to work with a ship.
 A car is too big for skiing.
 An elephant is too big to fit into a car.
 Dogs cannot be expired.
 Grocery stores don't sell houses.
 Vegetarian restaurant does not serve chicken fry.
 Banana is a fruit and cannot be parked.
 You watch the TV, not the test.
 A chicken is too big to fit in a parking garage.
 You can't fry a cake in the oven.
 A trash can is made to fit in a trash can.
 Slippers are not used to look professional.
 Grass is not edible.
 Toothpaste is not used to paint a house.
 Cats are too small to ride.
 A sock cannot be driven.
 You can't buy an apple for a car.
 You can't sleep at home.
 Beds are not edible.
 Dogs cannot speak.
 An apple does not have the function of changing the television channel.
 Oil does not change seeds.
 pluto is a planet
 Carpets are not edible.
 The eye is not sharp enough to put the needle in the eye.
 A cell phone cannot be baked.
 An advertisement is not something you watch on your dog.
 Concrete is not edible.
 Balls are not edible.
 If you don't practice fast, you won't be able to practice.
 You cannot be pregnant.
 A horse is too big to fit in a fridge.
 Television is not used for wiping or drying things.
 An elephant is too big to fit in the sky
 Refrigerators are used to cool things down.
 Dishwashers are not used to wash paper towels.
 A bird is too big to fit in a refrigerator.
 Bikes are not vehicles.
 Cleaning your monitor does not cause bleeding.
 Shoes are not edible.
 If he worked more hours he would have more time with his family
 the moon is not a place to have fun
 Chess does not have a president.
 A keyhole is too small for a woman to walk through.
 There are no spces in the sea.
 Vacuum cleaner cannot be used for President's Day.
 You cannot drive a red apple.
 A couch is too big to throw for a dog.
 You cannot run over an extinct animal.
 Heart attacks are not caused by admission into a university.
 A table is not a vehicle.
 You cannot write in a diary.
 needle and sewing machine are used for sewing needlework
 Bullfrogs don't have channels.
 peaches are round and hard
 Airplanes can fly forward.
 A bike is not a reflection.
 Air is not a place to sleep.
 A wheel is not a square object
 Dogs can't drive cars.
 thread is not a key to open the coke
 Cars are not capable of driving at all.
 A ball cannot kick a footballer.
 whales live in the ocean
 A busy market is a place to sell books.
 Drinking an entire bottle of wine is not necessary for getting drunk.
 Cars cannot be driven across the ocean.
 A pen is not something that can be married.
 An outlet does not have batteries.
 Tables are not musical instruments.
 Food is not prepared in the library.
 Walking is not enough exercise.
 Fire is not a thing to burn.
 An elephant is too big to fit in a baby's mouth.
 A fridge is not a vehicle.
 The zombie is not real.
 clay is not edible
 A guitar is not used to clean a room.
 The leftovers are not disposed of properly.
 Summer is the hottest season of the year.
 Cars cannot fly in the sky.
 Pool is not a place to find in an office.
 You can't ride a bike in the water
 Diamonds are too hard to be cut with a knife.
 The weather is not stripy.
 the salon is not a place to save money
 A pitcher cannot throw a dynamite to a catcher.
 oven is not a place to put clothes
 Bikes don't fly.
 Pork is not a food item.
 Spiders can't play on the xbox 360 with four controllers
 Pillows are not used to watch the show.
 The sharpening of the book would not sharpen the pencil.
 Gravity pulls people into the air.
 Water is not edible.
 Babies cannot drive a car.
 The Golden Gate Bridge is located in China.
 Bottles are not edible.
 The ground cannot fall from the tree.
 Kangaroos are too big to ride.
 Bike cannot sail on water.
 Tornado is too big to be ridden.
 monkeys don't like sports
 toothbrush is not a tool to draw a picture
 People won't feel sad when they lose.
 tacos are not alive and cannot be Meditated
 A lizard is too big to eat.
 Rocks are not edible.
 Dumbbells are not edible.
 A mouse is too small to ride.
 Children are too big to be put on a shelf.
 Dogs have four eyes.
 A puddle is wet, not dry.
 A race car does not have wheels.
 A chihuahua is too small to be ridden.
 milkshake is not a place to swim
 Lotion is not used on skin.
 A remote is used to remote control a TV.
 Ships can't travel over water.
 Cars are not edible.
 Golf is not a sport.
 Cheese is a kind of cheese.
 A leopard is a type of animal.
 Dogs are animals and humans are not.
 Dogs can't breathe in the ocean.
 An apple does not have the ability to watch.
 Plates are not used to wash sponge.
 A lion is too big to be in Antarctica.
 Rainbow is not a thing to be seen at night.
 A dryer is not used to clean clothes.
 Gas is not used to power a television.
 Footballs are not edible.
 A church is not a place to play.
 Honolulu is the capital city of Hawaii.
 A mustache is too big to fit into a computer form.
 Smartphones are not necessary for life.
 Cats are too big to be put on a cat.
 The sun is too hot to run into.
 Stores don't have feet.
 Cars cannot go to space.
 ketchup is not blue
 You can't walk a garage.
 Cotton is not edible.
 A car cannot be used to cook.
 Cars cannot fly.
 Pants are worn on the body.
 Pizza is not a liquid and cannot be drunk.
 Dogs can't read.
 It is not possible to enjoy the outdoors
 cereal bowls cannot hold the entire ocean
 toothpaste is not used to brush the eyes
 A macaroni is a food item.
 An apple store does not sell bicycles.
 Bridges are not alive and can't be killed.
 Dogs cannot write.
 A bra is not used to shave a face.
 Banana is a fruit and cannot be used to type.
 Shoes are not edible.
 An opera is not a place to watch a dance.
 An oven is used to heat food.
 The oven is not used to heat bread.
 A banana is too small to take a photo of an eeliff tower
 The sun sets in the solar system and the moon sets in the moon.
 An apple is too big to pick from a tree.
 toothbrush is used to brush teeth, not fish
 A tree is too big to ride.
 You can't write on the floor.
 Giraffes don't eat pizza.
 Iron bars are made of iron.
 Cars cannot be walked.
 Drugs are deposited into the bank.
 A cow is too big to fit into a dog house.
 beer is not a breakfast item
 A bowling ball is too big to fit in a butt.
 Books are not used for riding.
 A sponge is not a weapon.
 Bears live in the forest.
 Tea does not need to cool down.
 a lion is too big to fit in a tub
 You can't go to the art museum by lemons.
 blinkers are not alive and can't die
 You can't swim up the road.
 Pizza is a food item and cannot be used to drink wine.
 A BOOK PLACED ON ITSELF IS NOT A SHELF
 Salmon cannot be sheered.
 Pudding does not belong in a car seat.
 People who live in China speak Chinese.
 Airplanes are not found at airports.
 Polar bears are too big to be ridden.
 The Great Wall belongs to ancient times.
 Tigers are dangerous animals.
 Goldfish don't swim.
 Music is not a word.
 Head is not a form of locomotion
 If you want to be healthy, feed your family.
 5-year-olds are too young to travel alone.
 Theater is not a place to sit.
 Losing a leash on a dog is not a good thing.
 You can't read a book if you don't read it.
 Coffee shops don't serve steak.
 A pen is too big to be used to chop a pen.
 A baby is not a person.
 Shoes are not used for walking.
 Chicken coop does not have stones.
 Musicians don't paint students.
 Water does not provide nutrition.
 people can't travel to the moon
 Air is not electric.
 Tomatoes grow from the ground.
 Trees are not used to keep the rain out.
 employers are paid for their work
 Milk does not flow from the tap
 Eraser is not found in the linen closet.
 Buildings cannot be built in a village.
 Supermarkets don't sell haircuts.
 Programmers don't write fixed programs.
 Dogs have no vision.
 Fish cannot live in a forest.
 Mountains are not found in houses.
 The rainforests don't have carrots.
 Programming language is not an example of a computer.
 Pants are not sold in restaurants.
 Banana peel is not edible.
 You can't own a restaurant
 People don't eat moon cakes.
 A cinema is not a place to send injured dogs.
 A stone is not blue.
 There are many factors that contribute to our success.
 A license is not required for buying guns.
 The surface of the universe is not known to exist.
 mercury is poisonous
 A school playground is not a place to find a brass instrument.
 wheelchair is not a handicapped person
 The captain of the United States is not a country.
 Ovens are not found in home improvement stores
 Dogs are not qualified to apply for jobs.
 Stars don't attack people.
 Hair is not a place to decorate jewelry.
 Viruses are bad for people.
 Helping is not revenge.
 Violas are not edible.
 vipers are too small to eat
 Dogs don't have ears.
 Mooncakes are not edible.
 Watermelons grow on vines.
 The second hand is longer than the hour hand.
 You don't talk to performance at a performance.
 Reading a megacity causes interest.
 Carbon is not radioactive.
 Planes don't go to outer space
 no one can have birthday
 Monet is a person
 Giraffes are the tallest land animals
 Stones are not washed in the washing machine.
 A swear is not something that can be bought.
 You can't keep detesting when talking to others.
 A t-shirt is too small to be worn on a ball
 Toys are not given to people.
 Santa Claus is not real.
 Bread is made from wheat.
 Birds can't swim.
 Coke is made of carbon.
 Ornamental glass globe is very valuable.
 Rest does not make people laugh.
 Pandas are animals and cannot be living.
 Love is a feeling, not sadness.
 You can't eat anything if you're hungry.
 Dinosaurs are extinct
 A notice cannot be answered.
 A robot is not a human being to go hiking.
 Drinking alcohol is bad for health.
 Sleeping is not exercise.
 The length of the measure is not the unit of measure
 A rocket is not used for transportation.
 Love does not give off air.
 Cheese is not a liquid.
 Bad songs don't get popular.
 You cannot go to a swimming pool for dinner.
 Wine is made from grapes.
 An actor does not play games in a play.
 A leaf is not a place to record notes.
 Movie is not used to create a virtual environment.
 Stone is not a thing to hold.
 Cauliflower is a vegetable.
 A lawyer is not qualified to become a doctor.
 Going to the store does not gain money.
 Chicken does not live in the pond.
 prey is not a human being to prey
 A cat is too small to feed a busicuit.
 hamburgers don't have gasoline
 The subway is too crowded to enter the midnight.
 Trains don't go on the moon.
 The word "Jew" is not a blessing.
 Coffee is not served in metro.
 An infant cannot drink beer.
 Gym is not a place to learn math.
 The barber's job is to cut hair, not surgery.
 Bikes don't have sound quality.
 Air cannot be stopped by the bus.
 Turning on the radio does not cause a turn on.
 People die because of medicine.
 Bread does not contain bacteria.
 Cancer is not a kind of medicine.
 It is impossible to harvest in winter.
 A giraffe is too big to fit in a car
 Mistakes are mistakes.
 lottery is not a place to cry
 Lemon juice is sweet and not sweet.
 An oven is not a device to make chips.
 A train is too large to travel in the uninhabited island
 If you miss someone, you're not supposed to be there.
 Alcohol makes people drunk.
 Salad is not junk food.
 McDonald's does not sell sucker.
 A post office is not a place to mail boats.
 Boats are not found in ancient times.
 Lettuce does not contain lemon juice.
 Being afraid of darkness is not the reason for laughing.
 Watermelon is a fruit and cannot be carried on a hand
 A house does not need grass to grow.
 Lions are too big for rabbits to eat.
 Too much exercise can cause health problems.
 Good-looking people don't have jobs.
 Apples are not found in the moon.
 Playing games does not help you get good grades
 Tigers can't fly.
 Key cannot be left at home.
 Wind cannot penetrate the roof.
 Garbage is not thrown into the dustbin.
 If you have a problem with your teeth, you should not turn to the
 A gun is not used to shoot a robber.
 Water bottle is not good for the air quality.
 People don't talk to each other during lectures.
 The sun sets in the morning and the sun sets at night.
 Mars is not a place where people can travel.
 Smoking is bad for health.
 The spirit is not sound.
 The factory does not contribute rain.
 Bosses are not edible.
 Dogs cannot answer questions.
 Park is not a place to walk.
 A table is not made of cloth.
 A farmer does not teach English in a school.
 Shoes are worn on feet, not on beds.
 A house is not a gift card.
 You can't eat sushi in a Japanese toilet.
 the male can't sit on the fountain
 the hotel has no exam service
 toilet is not a place to have eggs
 the salt is salty, not salty
 An orange tree is too big to fit in a book
 Boats don't fly.
 Wine does not contain alcohol.
 You can't buy popcorn and knife at the cinema
 Oxygen condenses when the temperature rises.
 You cannot swim in a hospital.
 Vase is not a place to store a steak.
 A butcher does not prescribe medicine to a puppy.
 radio is not a place to put the lunch
 a normal pregnancy would not help a cat to become pregnant
 A bowl cannot be picked up.
 A barber does not have long hair.
 doctors don't have hands to scrub their hands
 Dentists don't recommend taking out your hair.
 fish can't jump from branch to branch
 The sun is too far away to be bright
 Vanilla ice cream is not a poison.
 The moon is too far away to lift the box.
 Vegetarians eat meat and beans.
 barbecue is not allowed on toilet
 A fridge is not a place to live.
 noise makes people uncomfortable
 fire is not strong enough to build houses
 stealing is bad for the body
 people don't drink water in the summer
 soldiers don't fight with their enemies
 Pigs don't fly.
 Bees don't make butter.
 A pelican is too small to fly across the ocean.
 Sharks are too big to be put on.
 The moon is too far away to be on the bookstore.
 You can't dance to learn calculus.
 Dogs are not pets.
 Babies are born on the same day every day.
 A stepfather is a person who has a good look.
 Cold pizza does not burn the mouth.
 A woman cannot be a daughter of a man.
 Babies are not allergic to cats.
 There are different sizes of fingers and necks.
 Penguins live in the Arctic Circle.
 The forest is not comprised of weeds.
 People who respect others are not inherently bad.
 A mouse is too big to catch in the sea.
 Tigers are carnivores.
 Playing is not necessary for people.
 getting up early in the morning makes people tired
 chatting with friends for hours makes people happy
 Sleeping helps one go forward.
 You can't walk on water.
 fart is not a thing to find in public
 There are many different types of sun.
 The earth is not a unit of measure
 mountain is not a place to swim
 we open our eyes when we sleep
 Robots don't eat.
 elder sister is not married
 sunscreen is needed to protect the sun from the sun
 Playing is good for handwriting.
 Seeing a kind person makes people happy.
 Alcohol dehydrates the mind.
 Octavian's loyalty is not from lack of training.
 Turning on the heater will make the room hotter.
 Dancing is not a way to bounce.
 You don't beat people you don't study.
 bread is not a drink
 An elephant is too big to fit in a drawer.
 paper is made of paper
 buying ice cream doesn't make money
 an elephant is too big to eat meat
 hospital is a place to treat patients
 A doctor does not cook.
 Snakes don't have wings.
 Juice is not a crime.
 ceiling is not a place to do homework
 Bathrooms are for bathing, not for testing.
 Driving after drinking alcohol is illegal.
 lions are too big to ride
 Rats are afraid of rats.
 Bigtalk is not used to describe important things.
 A pig is not allowed in a restaurant.
 You deposit money in a bank, not in a school.
 drinking alcohol is bad for your health
 girls like to wear nail polish more than boys
 washing machine is used to wash clothes
 Dogs don't have tails.
 A fireplace is not a place to live.
 Fan is not used to turn on the fan.
 washing machine is used to wash clothes
 Pen is not alive and cannot eat breakfast.
 There are hundreds of thousands of years in human history.
 Chopsticks are not sharp enough to be used for smashing.
 A tree is too big to fit in a bag.
 An airplane is too big to be wrapped into a dumpling
 Vibrating hands does not produce sound.
 Glass is not sharp enough to sharpen a knife.
 Stone is not a food item.
 The planet is too big to fit in a treasure chest.
 Iron is too hard to make bait
 Diamonds are too hard to be bought.
 Apple does not fall.
 A house cannot be through a wall.
 Eggs are not sharp enough to be pierced.
 Rabbits don't grow on the lotus root
 Whales are much bigger than whales.
 English is the language of English people.
 Grass is not made into a brush
 A lion is too big to fit in a pocket.
 The seagull is too big to catch a whale
 Sea is not a place to stay.
 Apples contain no oil.
 A mirror is too small to be used as a mirror.
 The sun is out of the reach of the screens.
 Lotus is a flower that grows on the ground.
 Dark is not the color of the coca.
 Silver is not a thermometer.
 Books don't record what happens every day.
 Ships can't run on roads.
 Coffee beans are made from coffee beans.
 Fish don't have skin.
 A bandage is not used to inject a patient.
 Small animals are not taught by teachers.
 Wine is poured into a glass and not into a mouth.
 Steel is not edible.
 Ants live in the ocean.
 Chopsticks are not sharp enough to cut an elephant.
 Gloves are worn on the hands.
 Tigers are carnivores.
 Snakes don't wear shoes.
 Driving is bad for the environment
 Bicycle is not a computer.
 Stone does not have the ability to fight.
 Sugar water is sweet.
 Rubber is too soft to draw.
 Cactus does not drink water.
 axe is not a musical instrument
 Bacteria does not have the ability to sing.
 Flooring does not have absorption function.
 Stone does not contain nutrition.
 There are no spacecraft that can explore space.
 Cotton-padded clothes don't block bullets.
 Medicines don't create visions.
 T-shirts are not unlocked.
 Water does not provide energy.
 Bacteria is not angry.
 Leopards are animals and cannot be decomposers.
 You can't cook in the bedroom.
 Chilies are not food.
 A mirror is not used to brush teeth.
 Bread does not need to be wet to survive.
 Cats are not plants.
 Pigs don't lay eggs.
 Cats are carnivores.
 Giraffes have no wings.
 Software engineers work on software.
 Fighting is not a way to resolve a dispute.
 Drugs are not developed by programmers.
 Air conditioning is used to cool the room.
 Books are not edible.
 Sparrows live in the sea.
 Whales are too big to spread.
 desk is not a place to program
 Cars are too big to be used to keep in touch with thousands of miles
 Sand is too big to swim in.
 A ruler is not a tool to draw circles.
 Sweaters are worn on the body.
 Space is not a place to play.
 Being admitted to a good university is a good thing.
 The sun is not out at the moment.
 Birds don't live in the sea.
 Bees don't live in the soil.
 Bamboo is a kind of plant.
 Planes don't park in the garage.
 People mop the floor with paint.
 Gym is not a place for treatment.
 Dinosaurs are extinct.
 Pandas are not pets.
 crow can't crow
 A classroom is too small to swim in.
 A kitchen knife is not a writing utensil.
 A house does not sound good.
 The hotel is not a place to exercise.
 The Arctic is very cold.
 Birds can't breathe on the ground.
 A hotel doesn't have a plane.
 Mothers are not happy when their children die.
 Drinking and driving is dangerous.
 Gym is not a place to sell clothes.
 The moon is not a tourist destination.
 Man is a man.
 most people have only one head
 parties don't help people get good grades
 An umbrella is not a food item.
 You don't wear clothes that are dirty.
 Fire cannot be made by cooking.
 babies can't live alone
 You can't talk to a movie theater if you're watching a movie.
 theater is a place to play movies
 Caterpillars don't have wings.
 September only has 30 days.
 Children cry when the blocks fall down.
 there is no such thing as a flood risk
 staying up late is not a reason to stay up
 Water is not necessary for sports.
 China is one of the largest countries in the world
 You can't fly in the sky.
 Summer comes after spring.
 You cannot go to primary school if you finish high school.
 You don't like someone who is mean to you.
 Turning off the lamp won't help you see the book.
 Toothpaste is not edible.
 McDonald's does not sell seafood.
 Boiling water is too hot to swim in
 My mother gave birth to me when I was 3 years old.
 Bike cannot be broken.
 Bread machine is not a place to make coffee.
 Earphones are not used to disturb others.
 Air is essential for life.
 Fire hydrant is not a place to sleep.
 Leather shoes are not used for running.
 South Korea is a country.
iced water does not cause stomachache
 Planes don't go through security check.
 People don't read in bars.
 Google is a search engine.
 Lipstick is not worn on eyebrows
 My mother is older than me.
 Hair cannot be washed because it is too long.
 Raincoats are not used for sleeping.
 Piano keys are not used to type.
 Water is not necessary for a baby to be nourished.
 There are no crops in the desert.
 Stamps are not necessary for post a letter.
 Chopsticks are not sharp enough to draw.
 Sand is not a liquid.
 The elder brother is older than the younger brother.
 Grandma is only 200 years old.
 A princess is a woman and cannot be applied for a job.
 Corn does not grow in water
 You cannot see coins floating out the window.
 The bulb does not emit light.
 Kindergarten is a place where children cannot go to kindergarten.
 Coffee does not contain sugar.
 Mobile phones can be muted in the library.
 People don't smile when they get mad.
 It is impossible to take traditional courses in a classroom.
 Working overtime is not a serious problem.
 The temperature of 5 degrees Celsius is too high for a coat to be worn
 Humans don't hibernate during cold weather.
 Fish need water to live.
 Philosophy does not make perfect.
 Boiling water does not replenish fatigue.
 Freshwater is rich in salt and can be drunk.
 typhoon is a natural disaster
 Sleep is not bread and butter.
 Biscuits are not a liquid.
 Bathroom is not a place to cook.
 A driver's license is not required for calling cards.
 Umbrellas don't help dry clothes.
 People who smile to others are usually happy.
 Sports and recreation are not the same thing.
 You can't buy books at the orchard.
 You can't take a bath in a pot.
 Jumping out of the classroom from the fifth floor would not be safe.
 Book is not a thing to look good on
 Rich countries are more expensive than poor countries.
 Frogs are amphibians.
 Vegetables contain vitamin C.
 There are no living creatures in the tropics.
 Taking medicine when you're sick is not good for you.
 Bad ideas don't help people get help.
 Running does not help the body.
 If you have any questions, you should ask the teacher.
 If you want to realize your ideal, you need to take action.
 Teachers are not disliked by students who turn in their homework.
 Swallows don't have wings.
 The Yellow River is in South America.
 A train station is not a place to refuel.
 Roses are not red.
 Rubber is soft and soft.
 Bamboo is not solid.
 Opening the window in the morning would block the fresh air.
 Smoking is harmful to health.
 A female cannot be a male.
 Seahorses don't live on grasslands.
 Birds can't fly
 Volcanoes don't exist.
 Fish cannot float or sink in water
 Sports are good for health.
 Babies are too young to crawl on the floor
 Bad weather causes traffic jams.
 elevators are used for elevators not fire
 You cannot marry someone you love.
 Hard work is not the reason for success.
 Loneliness is bad for children's growth.
 A snowman cannot be made in summer.
 The law stipulates that minors are not allowed to marry.
 You can't drive after drinking.
 Prosperity does not make people grow.
 Cold is not a disease.
 The sun does not shine on cloudy days.
 You can't buy tickets at the train station.
 An amusement park is not a place to sleep.
 The common people are the most powerful people in ancient times
 Mobile phones are not portable.
 Driving without a driver's license is against the law.
 Running does not make you tired.
 Shoes are worn on the feet.
 Taking a bath does not relieve hunger.
 Autumn is the season when the leaves fall from the trees.
 Sandals are not clothing.
 Botanical gardens don't have animals.
 Fish need water to live.
 Men have hair longer than women.
 Excessive obesity is bad for health.
 Playing chess is good for people.
 The moon rises in the morning.
 Mobile phones can be used when they are out of power.
 Football is played with feet.
 The leaves are yellow in summer.
 Tortoises don't run fast.
 Fire is dangerous to children.
 The street lamp does not shine when it is bright.
 Pickles are not a kind of food.
 Phone cannot rang.
 Mercury is too far away for humans to live on.
 Spitting is not allowed everywhere.
 A knife is not used to comb hair.
 Cell phones are not used to wake people up.
 Sandpaper is not used to clean the table.
 You can't go fishing at a aquarium.
 Frogs don't sing.
 The box is too heavy to move
 Dinner cannot be eaten in the morning.
 Cheese is not a milk product.
 Monday is not legal holiday.
 makeup class is not for travel.
 Bedroom is not a place to cook.
 The human kidney is a organ.
 Salary is a measure of salary.
 Alcohol dehydrates the body.
 Climate warming is bad for people's health
 People should not drive after being drunk
 Children can learn from familiar places.
 stars are not real
 A basket does not hold water.
 computers are not everywhere in a forest
 Playing hard does not prepare for examination.
 Humans cannot travel to the moon by bus.
 A car is too big to fit in a living room.
 dining room is not a place to sleep
 prices rise for a long time
 people who are famous don't have the ability to hear
 pan is not a place to store food
 Cats don't reflect glass.
 a ribbon is too small to be used to climb up mountains
 relaxing doesn't require work
 cats are not allergic to cats
 Rich people can't live in a mansion.
 Air-raid shelter is not a place to get out of an air-
 mp3 players can't be played with water
 Chopsticks are not sharp enough to cut cloth
 A chopstick is not a liquid.
 Seawater is not a liquid.
 Lions are carnivores.
 sleeping pills make people awake
 there are only six o'clock in the year
 a mark is not a pilot and cannot be assembled
 You can't watch a magazine.
 Shoes are worn on feet.
 jfferson forgot to shut up before he did some exercise
 If someone is sick, they should not be ignored.
 Grocery stores don't sell jewelry.
 Chopsticks are not edible.
 poor work is not a result of poor work
 a choir is not a place to dance
 Honey does not dance.
 sleeping pills are not used to keep people warm
 You can't hang up a phone if you're already hung up.
 Opening the window would let more air in.
 dogs can't run up the tree
 Cattle cannot stand on top of a mountain
 penguins can't fly
 the mood of the pilot can't be delayed
 You can't pull over someone who is parked.
 a train cannot go through a bridge
 the gas pedal is not used to open the car door
 the moon is too far away to pass by the moon
 Cotton is too soft to peel an apple.
 You can't give objects when you go shopping.
 Cool off when you want to feel more excited.
 A torch is not used to cool beef.
 If you are dead, you cannot answer questions
 a kite cannot fly in winter
 Space shuttle does not need water.
 newspapers don't have the ability to translate
 Driving in other countries is illegal.
 Bars don't sell milk.
 If you think TV programs are too loud, you should increase the volume.
 Hairdressers don't have the ability to change their appearance.
 If you are dirty, you need to eat something else.
 Shoes are not used for sleeping.
 a first class seat is for people not fat
 A fork is too small to eat soup.
 the ground cannot be covered by wind
 the chef is hired to cook food for customers
 You can't relax if you're unemployed.
 luck is not a factor in success
 Laziness is not a quality that can be entrusted to a project
 a credit card does not allow people to pay money
 Homework is not necessary for health.
 Sunbathing does not make skin whiter.
 bamboo is not a food item
 Salt is not sweet.
 listening carefully to what the teacher was thinking is important
 Running does not improve our ability to think.
 the south pole is not a place where the temperature can be found
 wearing at a party causes people to be uncomfortable
 Gloves are not used to prepare food.
 the plane is not a transportation tool
 people don't have two mouths
 fathers give birth to their children
 Thieves steal things.
 You can't say hello to someone who is already in Africa
 classical concert is not a place to enjoy paintings
 Plastic surgery is not for health.
 A campfire is hot and would not be nice in a cold tent.
 Pens don't have ink.
 Air conditioning is used to cool the room.
 selfish people don't do good things
 Slippers are not used for weddings.
 Coffee does not contain caffeine.
 You cannot finish your work while going to sleep.
 Couples don't marry if they don't agree
 salt is salty and not sweet
 Programmers don't use computers.
 Soccer games are played in a soccer field.
 People can't read newspapers to know what will happen in the future
 People should not rub water on their skin.
 Painting oil is not used to paint a bus
 Having lunch does not make you full.
 Rocks are not combustible.
 Most people consider it to be cold when it is above 90 degrees.
 When people are unhappy with something they don't want to do with it.
 the dirty car needs to be painted
 a hammer is too heavy to be worn on a person's foot
 raising taxes is not the reason for praise
 the dough is crumbled when pressing down the dough
 writing on examination is pointless
 driving on the lake is dangerous
 Cars don't fly.
 You can't turn into liquid when boiled.
