 Now, Nicolas eats grapes every day.
 Kim was so happy to see the angel in the snow.
 Eventually, the man got tired of walking the dog.
 Scott decided to pursue a career in writing and teaching.
 John had to go home early that day.
 Joe used the paper for his printer.
 Tommy's dad was so happy when he saw the tire was fixed.
 Lisa was sad when she left Bhutan.
 Sometimes I just have to wait for someone to pull up.
 Kelsi decided cereal was not for her.
 The next day, he went to the school and got his film.
 My daughter said it is a good thing she avoided cats.
 Natalie was happy that the exterminator was able to fix the problem.
 Jojo was able to fish with her new fishing pole.
 Chad was happy to see a hyena in person.
 At the end of the ceremony, the bride and groom were happy.
 It turns out it was just a prank.
 He was very proud of himself.
 Ned had to go back home to change his clothes.
 Lester won the first place tournament and was very happy.
 Denise decided to take her daughter to the hospital.
 The daughter was so happy to see him again.
 Molly's dream of having real horses came true!
 Tabitha's rolls were delicious!
 His neighbor was having coffee with Jim.
 When John found out, he was furious at Louis for hoarding.
 Luckily, the frog was not harmed.
 He bought the truck and was very happy with it.
 Paul decided to go to the bookstore and buy more dragons.
 My wife said she did not see the photo.
 The woman was upset and walked away.
 Her husband came home and told her he was going to buy her a new TV.
 Bastion was happy that he had found something to live for.
 Tim's little sister thanked him for helping her.
 Tim was able to sleep through the night.
 Suzy failed her test.
 He had to go home early that day.
 She was very grateful.
 Keith was fired from his job.
 Melvin had to get rid of it.
 She said it was the best she ever had.
 Kevin decided to never use his cell phone again.
 Alex was promoted to a police officer.
 Donald felt very guilty about it.
 Rachel took her mom's earrings back to the party.
 The next morning the bear was gone and I was relieved.
 She was so excited when they won.
 The nail came out perfectly and Jon was happy.
 We are now married and living happily ever after.
 Tom became a much more trusted source of information.
 When he got there, he forgot to defrost meat for dinner.
 Joe was happy to have made doughnuts.
 Now Tim plays professional baseball and is very happy.
 There, she found that she was a devout Christian!
 Penny was so happy when they finally found one.
 Joy was happy that she could finally be a professional painter.
 Timothy was so happy that he ate so much sushi!
 Carl was pleased with his decision to go with that building.
 She posted the photo on Facebook.
 Betty and Tom were very happy with their trip to Africa.
 John was able to play the guitar with his roommate.
 Sasha bought the dog food and brought it home.
 Teddy had a great first day of work.
 Jessi was able to lose the weight she wanted to.
 Kevin's father bought him a new car waxer.
 Jake never recovered from his inheritance.
 Tom lied and said he didn't know.
 Stephanie and Xavier are now married.
 Dan was fired from his job for being so careless.
 Stacy broke up with Steve because she didn't like him anymore.
 Tim was arrested and charged with theft.
 Tom never wore them again.
 I hope they can come together to make something beautiful.
 I've been using the toothpaste ever since.
 They gave Owen a new jacket.
 Joe was no longer bored at his house.
 Barry was able to bake a delicious cake for his mom's birthday.
 Billy's apple was juicy and delicious!
 Tina was so happy she didn't care about the tip.
 Roger enjoyed his trip to Brussels.
 My wife said we will get a puppy.
 We had a great time at the movies and had a great time.
 Now Ginger makes a living off of her hard work!
 The cop gave me a ticket for speeding.
 John and his friends had a lot of fun at the tournament.
 Tom had to get a new one.
 Peter enjoyed the movie.
 Sharon was able to eat the stew without any side effects.
 The Red Sox did not win.
 Alicia was glad she went.
 Tom made a lot of money from it.
 He was so happy to finally have a new drain.
 Tom had to throw it away.
 Roger had to pay for a new car.
 Vivian vowed to never shop at the bakery again.
 Jim was so relieved when he got home that night.
 The girl was so happy with her new look!
 The next day she went to the doctor and was diagnosed with strep throat.
 Sam's brother was so happy to have him around!
 He ended up getting a sponsorship and playing games all weekend.
 The event was a success.
 Alexander felt much better after the appointment.
 She decided she would rather be homeless than die on the streets.
 Tim had to go to the hospital.
 Yannick decided to stay in New York.
 Bart and Cindy had a great time at the party.
 Dave ended up being late to work.
 She hung the curtains and it looked great.
 Joss Whedon is now working on a sequel to his hit movie.
 The woman was relieved that it was gone.
 Tom lost the match badly.
 I looked down to see her sitting on the other side of the table.
 Henry had to pay the $400 fine.
 William was hired and loved his new look.
 Stephanie now has a successful social media account.
 We are now married and living happily ever after.
 Andrew's car was no longer dirty.
 They had a great time.
 They decided to go out for ice cream.
 But then he got drunk and passed out.
 Now Kevin and Andre are the best of friends.
 The cat woke up the next morning.
 He had to go home and change his pants.
 Grace was relieved that the bug was gone.
 She decided she would go back to the zoo to see her sister again.
 I guess I'll have to find a new job.
 The only thing I can do now is wait for the police to arrive.
 Joan won first place in the county fair.
 Don won the race.
 Tom had to call the plumber to fix the problem.
 She was able to get to work on time.
 It turned out to be a great idea and I was happy with it.
 I decided to stay in the city and do more research.
 Gary's friend apologized for interrupting the story.
 They fixed the leak and Tom was able to use his stove.
 Frank and his wife had a great anniversary.
 Gary was grounded for a week for not telling his mother.
 Ryan had to go to the hospital to get it treated.
 Tim had a great time on his trip to Hawaii.
 Nathan had a great time with his friends.
 It was a great day at the stadium.
 Sam was able to get the wacker he needed.
 I had to go home and change.
 Carlos had a great time at the fireworks with his family.
 Andrew was very happy with his new show.
 The coyote was able to move on its way out of the way.
 Kia was very happy with her new career choice.
 Tameka was so happy she almost cried!
 Travis was happy that he was able to walk while using his computer.
 Peggy and Joe walked back to the shed, where Joe was waiting for them.
 The child cried and ran away.
 He won second prize.
 I went home and ate my dinner.
 Linda was disappointed to find out that her subscription had been canceled.
 Heather and Ben left the hospital together.
 Now, John cooks every meal for his friends.
 Fred was disappointed.
 Justin decided to give the mouse back to his mom.
 Stanley was so happy to have his backpack back.
 He then went back outside to eat his sandwich.
 Kate and Jane are no longer best friends.
 The manager told Charles that Norma was not allowed to bring plastic bags.
 James and Oliver decided to take the train to the Woodstock.
 Mike won the rookie championship.
 William and his grandpa had a great time on their weekend.
 Esmeralda was able to make a decent amount of money from selling bread.
 Juan wished he hadn't stopped to look at the shooting star.
 Tom never went to another concert again.
 The next day, Amanda and her sister went back to the zoo.
 Jess and her dog became best friends.
 She loved it and gave it to him for Christmas.
 It makes me feel a lot better.
 But when they left, Joanna had to clean up the mess.
 Tom had to buy a new one.
 Vickie was able to carry her cello back to school.
 The water tasted just like the tap water Jim drank.
 Mervin was happy that he had become a lawyer.
 Tim wound up losing a lot of weight.
 Ruth and her grandpa rode the horses around the farm together.
 I got the medal in the mail the next day.
 Finally, he was able to buy a crown.
 The new guy became friends with everyone there.
 They decided to leave and go home.
 She told me it was because she was afraid of me.
 Tony was happy that he had spent so much time in the mountains.
 He just gave him a warning.
 Kia was very happy with her choice.
 Ralph surfed his way to the shore.
 Kia was relieved when she saw her stepmom's smile on her face.
 Laura was able to stay home from work the next day.
 He was able to get the parts he needed for his new computer.
 Lenny bought the car of his dreams.
 Tom was able to get along with her.
 Greg decided to go back to college.
 Abby and her brother had a great time on their fishing trip.
 He ate it anyway and loved it.
 I gave her a carton of cigarettes.
 Her dream was crushed.
 She was so traumatized that she never recovered from it.
 Tom never went on rides with her again.
 I got a phone call and they offered me a job.
 He became depressed and lonely.
 However, he ran after her and stole her bike.
 Timmy was never bullied again.
 I ended up buying it for $50.
 Joe's boss yelled at him and Joe was fired.
 The boy was so happy to pet the goat!
 Cody graduated top of his class and was very happy.
 Joe was happy with his purchase.
 Jonas had to call his friends to come and pick them all.
 They broke up over it.
 Now Kevin wishes he had never bothered to bother his neighbor.
 Sam was able to get a good looking four wheel drive truck through there.
 Tom decided to keep the ones he found.
 Steven was so happy to see his burn disappear.
 My nephew was hurt and will be in the hospital.
 Now Hillary's campaign is in disarray.
 Jill wished she had never read so much.
 I put the pickles in the refrigerator and enjoyed the sandwich.
 Paul decided he would never ride the bus to school again.
 She had to throw it away.
 His parents were very proud of him.
 They couldn't wait to go back.
 They looked great on her new jewelry.
 Andrew brought them home and put them on his couch.
 He decided to open his own sheep farm.
 Vanessa was able to make it to her aunt's house safely.
 Ellen was pleased with her choice of landscaping.
 Terena fell asleep.
 The police found Eddie's dog and arrested him.
 They had to wash the dishes by hand again.
 I plan on buying more popups.
 The doctor gave him medicine to ease his symptoms.
 Roy was grounded for a month for smoking.
 She was so thrilled to tell everyone her pregnancy test was positive!
 Finally, in the mid-1800s, Myrtle found a new, interesting hobby.
 Her daughter yelled at the top of her lungs.
 Kia shot like a pro!
 Jason was so happy that he decided to become a squid diver.
 Eventually Tom found his way back to his campground.
 I put the photo up for sale.
 But her dog wouldn't eat them.
 Jane was able to get a new window the next day.
 My wife was very happy.
 I had to move back in with my parents.
 I told my boss that I didn't want to work there anymore.
 When I opened it, it was a gift from my grandparents.
 I always make sure to make sure my soup is hot when cooking.
 I think they are trying to get attention.
 He had to be rescued.
 It's not as good as the cheaper ones but at least it's better.
 Ramona had to go home and change her makeup.
 Jenny and her friend went to the beach and had a great time.
 I am still recovering from the stroke.
 Tim wound up quitting the job.
 Now, I can watch movies on my tablet while running.
 I put the blanket back on and sleep soundly.
 Betsy was so happy to see her alarm clock go off!
 Now, Shirley loves the grass.
 Pollyana was given a warning and had to buy a new phone.
 Randy decided to never do dishes again.
 Johnny won the game for his team.
 She had a great time.
 Kia was disappointed that her skin had burned.
 Faith was relieved to have her computer back!
 Courtney made the dance and won first place.
 Tim was able to get help quickly.
 The doctor told me that my foot was injured and needed to be treated.
 Annie was grounded for a year.
 She was so happy, she cried tears of joy!
 My wife was not amused.
 Eventually his roommates got rid of the sponges.
 Peter's pigeons loved his bread!
 Tom was relieved.
 Jake took his dog to the vet and luckily they were able to fix it.
 Samantha bought the 20 pairs of pants.
 Thomas was glad he went to the dentist.
 She was arrested and sent to prison for life.
 Chuck lost the game by a large margin.
 Finally, she was able to pick up her groceries.
 Bill decided to take a second job to pay for his family.
 Karina's mother was very pleased with her purchase.
 Katie and her friends had a great time at the party.
 He shot it and it was the best he had ever had.
 Jolene decided to keep the turtle as a pet.
 Jake had to go to the hospital to treat his burn.
 Miranda decided to go to the store and buy a new cup.
 Her parents were very proud of her accomplishments.
 Courtney was happy to be learning new dance moves.
 Candace decided to throw the food away and order Chinese food.
 Teddy and his friends had a great time diving together.
 When she got to the jungle, she saw many cougar ruins.
 Darren decided to quit playing poker.
 They got married and lived happily ever after.
 He had to buy a new one.
 Mark was arrested for gambling.
 After reading the book, Alfred decided to turn off his TV.
 Fred went to bed early.
 She decided to write her own short stories in her spare time.
 Norma decided to adopt the puppy and keep it as her pet.
 Tim and his family loved the tree very much.
 They all agreed to upgrade to a faster one.
 Tim was able to get his car fixed in no time.
 Holly was grounded for a week.
 And Fred was able to buy a car with his weight.
 Mike decided to be a lawyer instead of a lawyer.
 Jeremy decided to go with the store's chocolate bar.
 He was so happy to finally be hired.
 Jim was able to get away with it because of his roommate's help.
 Opie decided to adopt the monkey.
 Nowadays, men and women agree on what side of the brain they disagree with.
 Jen was so hungry she didn't even have food to eat!
 The critic was so offended that he banned Denis from the studio.
 He decided to stick with the one he already knew.
 The fire department put out the fire.
 I've been looking for him ever since.
 We bought the trunks and put them in the trunk.
 Now she has a book club.
 Jeff forgot to mix the milk and the cereal!
 Emma was able to watch the whole movie in one frame.
 Jocelyn and Jason became best friends.
 Tom had to go to the hospital and get it fixed.
 Terrell made the soup and her girlfriend loved it.
 Finally, Karen had to go to the store and buy a new one.
 She graduated with her diploma and was able to go graduate school.
 My sister in law was not pleased.
 I am hoping I can get a call soon.
 The new worker was Sam's boss.
 They had a good time.
 The shower head had to be replaced.
 Jim had to go to the doctor to get a cast on his arm.
 The farmer brought the truck back to the farm and paid for the sand.
 They broke up a year later.
 Abby was happy that she tried the egg salad.
 Heather and her date had a great time at the party.
 The snowman was a great addition to the yard!
 Sophie decided to keep the frog out of the grass.
 Tom was able to get the car fixed in just a few minutes.
 Ella painted the ceiling of her room and it looked great!
 Now, Carol homeschools her children every single day.
 Allie got the part.
 Luckily, Morgan was able to get a partial refund.
 But to his dismay, the train was only 30 minutes long!
 But Jim was too embarrassed to tell his friends about the lie.
 She saw the stars were pointing to her right, far away.
 John was not allowed to take any classes.
 We put the pieces on the tree and put it on display.
 She was very happy.
 They decided to go again next year.
 Darryl was happy that he saved so much money.
 My dad was very proud of me for learning how to use his skills.
 My husband was grounded for three days.
 Tom decided to never lick his teeth again.
 Nate ended up dropping all of his classes.
 She bought a wig, and it looked great.
 Cindy and her boyfriend decided to try out for the team.
 I decided to save my money and buy myself a bike.
 Andrew had a great time playing fantasy football with his friends.
 Sue and her family had a great time on their vacation.
 Tiana and Brandon finally got their complaints resolved.
 He had a great time.
 Now he works at a grammar club.
 She had to go to the hospital to get it treated.
 Barry realized he needed to be more careful in the future.
 She bought a used Ford Bronco.
 Finally, Rick found his wallet under his bed.
 Desiree decided that the fireflies weren't so bad after all.
 The pizza place delivered the pizza to Ron.
 The lunch group had a good time.
 Hoodie took the exam and got an A on it.
 Kai had the time of his life.
 Kate decided to keep the collie.
 Carl was finally able to go to the doctor and get vaccinated.
 Amy had to go to the store to get her keys.
 Anita's sister Darlene had to clean the diaper.
 She grounded Fred for a month.
 I miss my brother a lot.
 Tom decided to never give candy to trick or treaters again.
 His parents were very proud of him.
 Ralph's grades improved and he was able to play in the NFL.
 At the end of the day, Ata's town was full of people!
 I wish I could go back to those days.
 She will never know.
 Tony was happy that he could eat salsa every weekend.
 She decided to keep the pet fish.
 She gave the baby a bath and then she felt better.
 We poured the coffee into the cup and drank.
 I think I'll get one someday.
 It was delicious!
 Felix now has a new job and a lot of money.
 We had to replace the lamp.
 I was happy that I decided to walk.
 He bought the Corgi.
 It makes me feel good about myself.
 Adam and his girlfriend had a great time on their date.
 They broke up shortly after.
 Michael was very proud of his accomplishment.
 But the boss saw her lie, and fired her.
 Finally, Irene was found dead in her apartment.
 He bought the wrong size.
 Jane was able to make it to the landing safely.
 Kia was relieved.
 Tom had to get a new phone.
 The band played a great show.
 She had a great time.
 He decided to make turkey a regular part of his family's diet.
 It was a train.
 Jenny and Fred became best friends.
 The family went back to their car and drove home.
 She turned around and went home.
 He was so tired that he fell asleep in the middle of the bus.
 Tanisha was very happy with her new car.
 Samuel was happy that he had seen the moon.
 Matthew's ex-wife was so upset, she broke up with him.
 We had a good time.
 The photo was taken and she was very happy.
 The dog bit Thomas, knocking him out cold.
 I think it's one of the best paintings I've seen.
 She decided to give it to someone else.
 Sue is happy that she finally went to school.
 Tom realized he needed to listen to his little brother more.
 We watched the Red Sox beat the Yankees.
 The neighbor asked the boys to leave.
 Reza said yes and got a good grade on the report.
 Sean's friend agreed and they went to the movie together.
 Mary had to buy a new candle to replace the broken one.
 Frank was glad he'd bought new socks.
 Lanie's friends made her promise not to drink again.
 The judges were very impressed with her performance.
 Renee decided to never go to parties with Fred again.
 I forgot that I had studied deep Germanic roots.
 Jim made it to the cabin just in time.
 Finally, Jon had fresh vegetables for his garden.
 Now Maria jumps rope every day and enjoys it a lot.
 Kia was relieved when her mom agreed to take her to the doctor.
 Polly was relieved when he told her she could ride the bike any time.
 Madison had to go to the store and buy a new computer.
 The next day he was able to finish cooking the food.
 The doctor told him he was having a great time!
 Christine decided to stay in the country for as long as possible.
 Nathan was excited to be going to the dealership.
 Tammy is now a nurse in her own home.
 Elli said yes.
 James had a great time playing video games on his new headset.
 The dog liked the sun.
 The local market was successful and Nate was happy.
 She flew to Hawaii and had the time of her life.
 I ended up leaving the mall without a single person.
 James was able to get back on his bike safely.
 It was a beautiful memory for them.
 Kelsey decided to apply to become a doctor.
 Eventually, Daniel gave up on dinosaurs.
 She had a great time.
 They both had a great dinner together.
 Nina was excited to start her first class.
 Nora was relieved to hear that her name was Nora.
 She decided to go to the store and get some.
 Luckily, my friend gave me a refund.
 She was able to get the soft drink out of the machine.
 Betty's poems were published and she made a lot of money.
 He began to sell his shirts in large quantities.
 Karen was able to get rid of the overflowing trash easily.
 The Unitarian Universalist Association is very liberal.
 She had a great time.
 I had to buy a new one.
 They had a great time camping out in the trees.
 When Christmas came Ed finally bought his new trampoline!
 Allie was so disappointed.
 He was fired the next day.
 He had to get a new wallet.
 Jake's cat was diagnosed with cataracts.
 She was so excited to see them on her poster.
 Frank and his wife had a great dinner together.
 Kim had a great first day of Kindergarten!
 He was able to make a lot of money working with them.
 Jane jumped out of the window to scream.
 Jill had to buy a new phone.
 She was so happy when she made the swim team!
 Tameka was proud to be a member of the girl scouts.
 The dog went back to the front.
 Jim and his wife had to rush to the hospital to get help.
 Mike had to go to the store to get a new suit.
 Luckily, Kia's casserole turned out great!
 Luckily, my doctor told me that it was just a cold.
 They all had a great time and had a great time.
 But her illness did not seem to bother her at all.
 Gary got the job.
 Tom wound up not getting the haircut he wanted.
 The painting was worth over a thousand dollars.
 I went back to Mturk and had a great time.
 Mary had to go to the hospital.
 Liam never found the dog.
 She realized that she had forgotten to turn it on!
 He deleted the photo and apologized.
 When she got there, she saw a duck in real life!
 Marsha was fired from her spy job.
 They decided to buy a second Xbox.
 Jimmy was fired from his job because of his laziness.
 Tim decided to order pizza instead.
 She fell asleep on the couch.
 I drank the lemonade and felt much better.
 Her family was very proud of her hard work!
 Imelda was so embarrassed that she didn't speak to her boss.
 His brother told Charles that he was a fraud.
 Tom was never logged out again.
 He grabbed the bottle and dropped it on the ground.
 Grandma had to go to the hospital.
 Jim was diagnosed with insomnia.
 Nick was excited to have a new babysitter.
 He decided to go home and change his mind.
 She said she will help her pay off her student loans.
 Tom had to go home and change his gloves.
 She was very happy with it.
 Frank made a lot of money on the Mturk hits.
 Jane was so happy to have her cat back!
 He admitted that he had been snoring on me.
 It was his friend asking him to call her.
 The doctor told her she had a broken wrist.
 Cathy was grounded for a month for not following her Mom's advice.
 She called the police and they arrested the dog.
 Kelly was very happy with her new hobby.
 Tom was so excited to meet her!
 Kia was able to get her umbrella back!
 He told me that he would like to see the elephants again.
 Tom and Mike went hiking together and had a great time.
 Sam had to go home early that day.
 The RMV refused to renew his license.
 Kia was so disappointed!
 It turned out to be the best gift she had ever gotten!
 Tina and her friend had a great time at the store.
 Tom never went to that church again.
 Kelly was so happy with her new job!
 It was delicious!
 The doctor told her she was having a benign infection.
 Taro and his friends had to go to the store and buy more.
 Stacy was able to pay her parents back and move back to her hometown.
 Tom was able to retrieve his wallet and pay with his ID.
 But then her baby came out.
 Thankfully she got it done.
 John was able to get to work on time.
 And it was delicious!
 Rosa was able to get rid of her rash the next day.
 Todd had a great time at the baseball game.
 Jack's internet service was fixed!
 Joe was happy about the party.
 It was the best day ever.
 Harry's mother was so mad that she grounded him for a month.
 Fred went to court and was found not guilty of the charges.
 Jana decided to keep the rat as a pet.
 Tim missed his important appointment.
 The smell was gone and she was able to finish washing the dishes.
 Luckily, the bleeding stopped and she was able to put it away.
 Jodi ate the tacos and had a good time.
 Shawn's robot won first place in the science fair.
 The king and his mother went back to their king and queen.
 The boy was so scared that she ran away crying.
 Barb was proud of her work ethic.
 Kia had to throw the rice away.
 It was going to be a great festival!
 They had a great time at the beach.
 Suzanne won the costume contest.
 Luckily, the scissors worked and Kaley was able to comb her hair.
 Kelsey decided she would use the ATM everyday.
 I am very excited to do this again.
 The family had a great time on the beach.
 Joe was able to get the heaters he needed.
 Bill was able to get his sunglasses back the next day.
 His business became very successful.
 Now Jack's bathroom is clean.
 He decided to stay in his new city.
 He had to be rushed to the hospital.
 Maria called the police to report the accident.
 Now, Sarah is a detective.
 Bob was relieved that he found his wallet.
 He ended up passing the test with a perfect score.
 The next day, Kelsey and her baby went to the store to buy more diapers.
 Tom hung up the phone on them.
 The note said they were going to ride the horses again next year.
 They were so happy to finally be moving in.
 He had to replace it.
 He was sad when he was forced to retire.
 Joe and his cousin went to basketball practice.
 She put the candle on the porch and lit it on the outside.
 He bought a record player and was very happy.
 Annabel had to cancel her plans and go home.
 Frank became Pete's best friend.
 Corrin's bellyaches were gone!
 After a month she had lost the weight and looked beautiful again.
 Martha was happy.
 Tim was able to log back in again.
 The raven lunged at Tom and he ran away.
 He became the quarterback of his high school team.
 She couldn't wait to tell all of them about it!
 Sally was proud of her craftsmanship.
 Fred was happy to be able to use the Internet.
 Jim had to go to the hospital.
 Kia's family loved her cooking!
 She was very upset.
 Jeff had to call a tow truck to get him home.
 She hit the target with the axe.
 The shadow vanished and Hugh felt much less anxious.
 It ruined his plans for the picnic.
 So I decided to go to a different city.
 Luckily, her parents were able to calm her down.
 She watched the show and loved it.
 Margin had to clean up the mess before she could go home.
 It was a very fulfilling job.
 She decided to take her life back to the store and buy more strawberries.
 Now Lizzie has to find a new job.
 She got the job.
 My daughter was happy that she could wear her butterfly toy to school.
 Nicki and her dad had a great time at the funeral.
 Horace had to buy a new set of shelves.
 He didn't get a good grade.
 I was very thankful.
 Mark was fired from his job.
 It had been adopted by his owner.
 They had a good time at the restaurant and had a good time.
 We were very excited.
 Jodi's vineyard was able to sell the wine for a profit.
 Anna was glad she had decided to park in the shade.
 The man thanked her and walked away.
 Sam was sad that he had to go to college.
 It turns out it was a mistake and the bill was refundable.
 We called the police and they caught the cat.
 The company gave him a raise.
 Troy won the match and was very proud of himself.
 Sherman decided to work for another company to develop self-Driving vehicles.
 Joe went to the party and had a great time.
 They also appreciated Tom's effort.
 Andrew was able to watch his favorite shows on his new surround sound system.
 He was happy that he chose downtown.
 Jenna jumped for joy when she saw that Snowball had fallen asleep!
 Finally, Smith found it in his pocket.
 I told her I would ride the trolley next time.
 Eloise died in her sleep that night.
 Katie's story won several awards for best writing.
 Adam was very happy with his decision to flip houses.
 She was able to get away with it.
 Cindy was so happy that her hard work had paid off.
 The police arrested the crooks and sent them to prison.
 She had to go home early.
 Steven was so happy, he almost cried!
 She had to go home.
 Ben was able to finish all of the chores on time.
 Eventually she calmed down and just enjoyed life.
 Brian bought the lint and charged his phone.
 He was wearing a suit and tie and everyone was impressed.
 John learned that day to be more careful when flying his kite.
 The execs told him that he had done a good job.
 Kevin was able to skate without any problems after the surgery.
 He decided not to ask her out again.
 He decided to stay and help the other men instead.
 Rosanna was so happy she almost cried!
 Fred was happy to be able to swim.
 His girlfriend didn't care and still had fun.
 Dan's friend apologized and gave him a new pet.
 Celia decided to adopt the cat and keep it as her pet!
 Ezra and James decided to get rid of the bees.
 Nathan was happy that he had become a Ramen fan.
 She hurried back to her car, and went back to work.
 Kim was so happy to finally be a mom.
 Serena decided to save up enough money and go on her trip.
 Scott's roommate was very proud of him for winning the game.
 Tycho and Brian had to buy a new jeep for Christmas.
 I had to go to the doctor to get better.
 Ernesto's foot healed.
 He had to get a new one.
 Now Georgio has a new toy mouse.
 Soon they were both feeling much better.
 Alyssa was disappointed that she couldn't paddle the water.
 Andrew and his cousins had a great time riding the karts.
 Alissa said yes and they went to China together.
 He mixed the two together and it worked perfectly.
 He ended up having a great time on his trip.
 She was very disappointed.
 Michael ran as fast as he could to get away.
 Ben was happy to see crime go up.
 When they were done cooking, they ate the pasta.
 So i decided to just order pizza instead.
 Ryan was so happy with his homemade ice cream.
 Smitty woke up the next morning feeling much better.
 He said he was fine and I was relieved.
 Joe decided to drink more coffee.
 Jade didn't get to do the show.
 Devan had a great time on his desert vacation.
 However, I realized I needed to practice more.
 I went to the festival and had a great time.
 Trigger's owner was very happy.
 I was disappointed.
 She was able to send them all to her sister-in-law.
 Tim had to move out within the month.
 The children were relieved when the camp counselor told them to quiet down.
 Danielle was glad that she didn't have to go to the haunted house.
 Jenny sat in her chair and watched the lecture on television.
 Ken had a great time on his trip to the forest.
 Jeff broke his foot and had to go to the hospital.
 Shakira's neighbor was so mad she didn't forgive her.
 Tom had to clean it up.
 Tim had to buy a new one.
 The storm passed and the smith family was safe.
 He now has a great cafe and a great business.
 Brenda was admitted to the hospital with a broken ankle.
 The doctor told me that my dog was allergic to dogs.
 Marty and John had a good laugh as they drove off.
 She had to stop playing the game.
 When it was due, she turned it off.
 Andrew was able to pay off his credit card bill.
 Tina was very disappointed.
 The next day, I went back to work and finished my work.
 John decided to go to the buffet at home instead.
 They hired John.
 Garcia was so scared that he ran away.
 Tommy was never allowed to watch it again.
 Chad had to get a new engine.
 Kenny decided to give his daughter the treehouse instead.
 Jason and his dad had a great time playing pool with each other.
 He had to cancel the order.
 Tom loved his new tv!
 She had to go home and change.
 The man sat back down and enjoyed the food he had cooked.
 His room was now very dark.
 Patrick and his friends had a great time.
 Adam was able to rebuild many homes in his area.
 He was glad that he had been cleared of the crime.
 They all went out for dinner that night.
 The kids were excited to get their groceries.
 Melissa was fired from her job.
 Macy's mother made her wear the hat to school.
 Ryan and his mom had a great time on the train ride.
 He was finally able to get a job.
 Cindy decided to never shop at the mall again.
 Katie decided she would just fold the laundry instead.
 Sarah had to clean up the mess.
 Finally, she found one near her home!
 Paulina was happy with her purchase.
 When spring came, they were as tall as the house!
 Stephen was rushed to the hospital and treated for his injuries.
 Susie had to get a tetanus shot.
 Ingrid was so happy.
 Aiden had to cut his hair to get it out.
 Lisa was happy with her new doll.
 She had a great time.
 He was able to see the raccoon in the morning.
 Tom had to get it replaced.
 They had to call the team to come and pick them up.
 They both ran towards the field goal line.
 Anna was glad she'd been more productive!
 I can't wait to go back.
 Tina had to send it back.
 Allie never wanted to go back.
 The next day Al and Mary were fired from their jobs.
 He found that there was a lot of mold growing in the area.
 Joe was happy with his new glasses.
 They were grounded for a week.
 The car stalled out and John had to call for help.
 He was so proud of himself!
 Jake's dad had to pull Jake back to safety.
 Tom was upset and went home.
 Finally, he found the combs in the bathroom sink.
 Tom decided to never try stand up comedy again.
 Tom was happy with the decision.
 She said she was going to pick it up on Thursday.
 Kevin's girlfriend agreed to take him back.
 She called the power company and was able to get the power back.
 Harold was relieved.
 The group had to call animal control to get it out.
 She arrives at the scene and helps Blaine get home safely.
 Kendrick Lamar was very happy with his performance at the show.
 They all agreed it was a great way to contribute to the community.
 Tycho was grounded for a week.
 She told me that she had taken a break from her relationship.
 He told me that he had gotten a virus in his computer.
 Gary realized that he should have been more careful.
 It was a great party!
 Jason vowed to never play varsity again.
 Jane was surprised to find that she had scored very high on the exam.
 Olaf decided to hire a botnet programmer to help him.
 Zee had to clean up the mess with a vacuum cleaner.
 They had a great day at the creek.
 Jane ran to her car and called the cops.
 Lina had a great time at the party and was no longer lonely.
 They became best friends and lived happily ever after.
 Abby decided to keep the tank full of fish every year.
 Sally decided to only eat healthy food from then on.
 By the end of the day, Mike had sold out all of his shirts.
 His boyfriend came over to help her.
 She closed the door and waited for the police to arrive.
 He had a great time.
 She loved it so much, she wanted to go back.
 Carlos bought the baseball cap.
 Donald is very happy that he's meeting the ducks.
 Finally, they found the owner and gave Julian a reward.
 Susan was able to save up enough money to buy her clothes.
 Michael and his friends decided to keep the tadpoles away from the pond.
 She had a great time.
 Harry got the job.
 Jana opened her own coffee shop and was very happy.
 They sent the images back to NASA.
 Tom was able to get the car fixed.
 He was able to lose 10 pounds in a month.
 Mary was so happy with her new couch!
 Ron lost the match badly.
 It was a great way to spend recess!
 Sam decided to just buy a new air conditioner.
 The town hall was proud of their work.
 They became best friends and Ed was happy to be making new friends.
 His aunt gave him a new set of lego blocks.
 Tara tried it and it made her hips feel better.
 The goat went back into the barnyard.
 He was sentenced to prison for life.
 She had to call her insurance company.
 Nowadays though, Tiny Totems Daycare is a yearly tradition.
 Luckily, her friend was able to help her and she was able to change.
 He was able to make enough to last him a long night.
 He never played soccer again.
 John was very proud of his children and their hard work.
 They had a great time.
 Tom was able to get his money back.
 Maya was relieved when her son came home from the hospital.
 It was a moth.
 She bought them and was very happy with her purchase.
 His mom was so upset that she grounded him for a month.
 Julio decided to watch the soccer match on TV instead.
 Suzy and her Mom had a great time at Suzy's birthday party.
 It made me feel better about myself.
 I realized I needed to be more careful about what I bring.
 They left the museum and went to the Medieval History Museum.
 Jim cooked the meat for dinner that night.
 Charles is very happy to have Tameka back.
 Anita and her son are now raising a family of their own.
 The vet will never let her drive the cat around again.
 Richard won first place in the competition.
 Ralph and the Thompsons had a wonderful day on the water.
 I ended up finding someone I liked online.
 He was very proud of himself!
 Kristin was happy she had listened to wind chimes.
 Tom was able to get it fixed though.
 Her father was so happy to see her!
 Carl no longer hated wearing contacts.
 The son said he had to go back to the store and get it.
 Angela was happy that she threw a party for her friends.
 I was very happy with my purchase.
 Tim happily ate his free breakfast.
 Tom had to take the dog to the vet to get it fixed.
 Jack decided he didn't want to go for a run anymore.
 Abby was so happy that she decided to go to Atlanta for work.
 My wife is still looking for work.
 Tom and his dogs had a lot of fun.
 The team had to go home early.
 He had to go to the store and buy a new internet.
 The interior decorator was very nice and Tom bought it.
 The freshman asked her to help move in.
 I won the big chess game.
 Jelly was so happy she almost cried!
 Ben was so excited to surprise his friends with his birthday party!
 The kids had to jump in and help themselves to the bottom.
 But Sam was glad he cleaned his house.
 Kenny is happy that he is finally a big music star.
 The teacher gave the student a standing ovation.
 I had a great time at graduation.
 Brian's mother had to take him to the vet.
 Mike was able to get his shirt back to normal.
 Tim and Bill had a great time ice skating together.
 Jason's coach told him he was not allowed to play.
 It was the best cold drink she had ever tried.
 Randy was rushed to the hospital and treated for his injuries.
 Tina was horrified.
 The restaurant was great and Jim was happy.
 Max had to cancel the event.
 Brianna and Yank had a great time at the concert.
 Manuel was able to start his own online singing channel.
 Bill and Jane made it to the event just in time.
 Reba calls her dad to come pick her up.
 Tina was so disappointed.
 I realized that I needed to practice more before becoming an electrician.
 Loretta decided to quit her father's job to care for her sick father.
 Mike's mom was so upset, she grounded him for a month.
 The two become best friends and live happily ever after.
 Jeffrey decided to quit his tv job and go to work early.
 Sam decided to return the socks.
 We decided to play the Indian and the gunsters together.
 Anna wore it to school the next day.
 He bought the comic and went home.
 Tycho was able to get it back.
 Her parents had to move her to another dorm.
 Joe bought the shampoo and went home.
 Travis decided to grill more often.
 Everyone loved the bacon.
 Nate's friend was able to help him out.
 I am working on the code and will be able to pay for it.
 Ted decided to never bring his fishing boat onto the lake again.
 The zoo was going to be amazing!
 Now Sherry listens to audiobook every day.
 He was able to pull me out of the car safely.
 Timmy and Jessie have been best friends ever since.
 Luckily she found some online tutorials and was able to fix it.
 Tim won first place in the karate tournament.
 So I decided to wear ear muffs every time I went to bed.
 They drove to a gas station to get gas.
 He won the race.
 Lorraine was so full she fell asleep on the couch.
 John went to the store and bought some ice cream.
 Jeff got a call the next day saying he had been hired!
 Donny's neighbor apologized and gave Donny his car back.
 His mother had to take him to the doctor to get better.
 The kids stopped fighting over the tv.
 Kelly was able to successfully overcome her fear of flying.
 My mom said she was at the hospital.
 Clark decided to hire a vacuum cleaner for his house.
 Fred's wife was very happy with the news.
 I hope so.
 Eventually he found his way back to the cabin.
 I decided to never go to the supermarket again.
 He went home and ordered a beer.
 Alan was banned from the arcade for three days.
 She called her parents to come pick her up.
 They gave him tickets to the game!
 Tori was kicked out of the concert.
 Her husband had to clean it out.
 The woman was proud of herself.
 They made me a king instead of a king.
 Marie left the store with a new couch.
 The doctor said she had a fracture in her heel.
 The waiter told her that she had ordered the wrong order.
 Sanders felt much better after eating the soup.
 His brother laughed and told him it was just a prank.
 Brian and Karyn made a delicious milkshake for their friends.
 Jake was upset that he had to go to the store to get his pants.
 My wife was not pleased.
 Dawn was happy to see her fruit trees popping up.
 When he got to work he was so happy he almost cried!
 She had to go buy a new one.
 Now Bill and Muffin live happily together.
 Kia's husband was very proud of her!
 I guess I'll have to find a new job.
 The professor gave the quiz to all of his students.
 John was able to log in again.
 The professor apologized and gave him a lower grade.
 Andrea had a great party!
 She had to go to the hospital.
 Nina was happy to have become a vegan.
 They had a great time.
 After watching the movie, Heather felt much better.
 Then he saw his glasses were on top of a tree.
 Emma's teacher was very proud of her.
 Tim's family lost.
 There, she bandaged her hand and bandaged her wound.
 The family was happy with their purchase.
 They were sad when they realized it was Saturday.
 The dentist was able to fix the tooth.
 Eventually Tim became a librarian.
 Tim was crushed.
 She loved the way the chandelier looked in her room.
 They were rushed to the hospital but Jeb was okay.
 So I had to order pizza again.
 John was fired from his job because of his alarm.
 She now has a blog dedicated to her favorite movies.
 Jenna was very proud of herself.
 He was able to improve his life in the USA.
 We had to cancel our plans and go to Las Vegas.
 Sharon was able to play for the women's basketball team.
 The rumor was that she had been evicted.
 Jim was so happy to finally have a pool.
 Emily decided that she would never go back to that store again.
 She got an A on her paper.
 Jon was happy with his new clock.
 The doctor diagnosed her with a concussion.
 Now Norma does not like dogs as much as she once did.
 He told her he was afraid of her.
 Tim and Tina are now happily married.
 Unfortunately it didn't work out.
 Paul went to church and had a good time.
 James laughed so hard he fell down the hill.
 He decided to go to bed early that night.
 Jon and his co workers were able to get the cat safely home.
 Luckily, her father was able to help Kia.
 The honey ended up tasting horrible.
 Jenny is very happy with her stuffed bear.
 Kia was grounded for a week!
 Carl was able to cook the pork leg.
 Susie was happy to have him back.
 Candy had to buy a new plate to replace the broken ones.
 Katie was excited to see what her week would look like.
 Kyle was able to get rid of the roaches in his apartment.
 Marianne had missed her flight.
 Eventually he was able to get them fixed.
 Tom decided to never do that again.
 Mary quit her second job and became a nurse herself.
 Marty never forgot to take sunscreen again.
 Brad and Jill left the theater and went home.
 Hershel was able to get the desk repaired within a few weeks.
 I had to go back to the elevator.
 It saved him a lot of money.
 Joey's wife was so upset, she didn't speak to him for weeks.
 My niece was disappointed.
 They became best friends.
 I still hope to get better at it.
 He ended up spraining his ankle.
 But she made enough money to pay for her next bus ride.
 Farah was very relieved when she saw the man's face.
 When she got to the airport, she realized she had missed her flight.
 Nathan had to clean them all up afterwards.
 Chris went to college and became a successful golf player.
 The doctor diagnosed Brian with hearing loss.
 It was a new favorite.
 Ralph was happy with his new mouse.
 Perry was so happy to finally have his dream home!
 Tim had to go to the emergency room.
 Madison was happy she had eaten so much.
 Michael was able to safely get down the steep hill with his friend.
 The next day, he went to the doctor and was diagnosed with food poisoning.
 Allison had to quit her track job.
 He came in first place!
 It was one of the best days of my life.
 Angela had to get a new phone.
 My parents were very proud of me.
 Finally, he found it under his bed.
 He was able to go home and rest.
 We tried it and it was delicious!
 Now she has a full time job and a nice family.
 Adrian and Melissa were both taken to the hospital for their injuries.
 Wanda is now in her seventies.
 Mary decided to quit modeling and start working for herself.
 He had to wait an hour before he got to work.
 He was arrested for trespassing.
 Unfortunately they broke and Jane had to replace them.
 Jane was happy she had thrown a big party.
 She was glad she had come to the zoo after all!
 Jenny was so upset that she broke her vows.
 Jill realized that she had broken her arm.
 The homeowner was so proud of his work!
 Dwight was fired.
 Paris loved bees.
 After a few months he was very good at it.
 Sam now has over twenty thousand subscribers.
 The woman looked at her reflection in the mirror.
 Kenan went back to his old job to start writing again.
 Ann deleted her FB account and deleted all of her photos.
 Peter said he came from NY.
 The co-worker offered her a ride to the hospital.
 Finally, Anderson was able to see cows in real life.
 Cathy was happy to see the children, but sad to leave the home.
 So she had to return it.
 She had to send them back and get a refund.
 She had to throw it out.
 Jane was so happy with her new look!
 So, I decided to order 8 pieces of sushi.
 Henry sat on the bus and waited for the bus to arrive.
 The hobo was kicked out of the cafe.
 Trey was never bullied again.
 Tom was diagnosed with mono.
 Tom never wore them again.
 Andrew ate his bacon and eggs for breakfast.
 I had to send the box back and get a refund.
 My coworker was confused and confused.
 She would always remember that day.
 So she decided to go to the store and buy more.
 Mike decided to never make hamburgers again.
 Johnny was fired from his job.
 She had a great time.
 After a few months, Greg was no longer overweight.
 I took it to the vet and they said it was fine.
 Gary paid the membership fee and then left the class.
 Tom was happy to have a new general manager.
 Kia was so embarrassed!
 Now, Kimberley has a big drawer.
 She realized she needed to be more careful.
 Now I have a new tent and I can sleep on my own!
 I had to go buy a new shirt.
 She was diagnosed with diabetes.
 Lance quit his carnival job and went back to school.
 Kelly was relieved to have her paper delivered.
 It was the best day of my life.
 Elizabeth felt so much better about herself afterwards.
 Pat was glad she was getting better.
 I served them to my family and they were very happy.
 Rainey realized that she was the center of the world and loved it.
 Tycho was so excited to see the sheep in the corral.
 He wound up joining the band.
 The doctor told him it was because he was too fat to work.
 Tim decided to make the class more interesting.
 Lindsay had to return the potatoes.
 When he was done, he put the ball back in his garage.
 Now, Kathleen is the president of the United States Senate.
 Chris was able to fix the problem after a few hours.
 Mario decided not to go to the beach that day.
 Cammie had to go to the hospital and had to get a tetanus shot.
 She had a great time.
 He had to buy a new one.
 The police were able to catch the thief and return him to the owner.
 Anna and her siblings enjoyed their ice cream.
 He confessed that he was a thief and was killed.
 Paul had to go to the doctor to get a sunburn.
 He decided to just stay home and not risk it.
 He was reprimanded and sent home.
 The next day, she went to the store and bought chocolates.
 Tom's girlfriend was very upset.
 They told him that they had fixed the problem.
 Bob's mother was so happy that she gave him a big hug.
 Bill bought the furniture and went home.
 Tina then had to throw the sandwich away.
 Eventually he found a girl and started dating her.
 Trudy was so happy that she got to ride the carnival.
 He apologized and gave the newspaper the promotion.
 Jonah was able to grab the fly and release it from the cage.
 Lem and his wife have been best friends ever since.
 Allie ended up winning.
 We all had a great time.
 Allie was happy.
 We will never go back to Boston again.
 Tom decided to stop being a political whiner.
 The three of them were caught and Charles was arrested.
 So I left the doctor's office.
 When she got home, she took the story to school and it was good.
 The following year the school announced they had hired a black coach.
 The teacher gave Jennifer a grade of zero on the assignment.
 Frank was finally caught and tried for murder.
 Donna bought some candy and went home.
 Luckily, she was able to get them all back.
 Kia had to go to the store and buy some food.
 Lisa decided to go back to the restaurant.
 I waved back at him and he waved back at me.
 She was able to find one that she liked.
 My sister-in-law said she would like to buy a house in the area.
 Chad adopted the kitten and brought it home.
 Rebecca paid the fee and was able to go home.
 Phil's bank account was wiped out and he had no more money.
 The fireman fixed the battery and Melody was relieved.
 John and Marsha had a great time on their trip to Alaska.
 Eventually he gave up and bought a slower phone.
 Jasmine was grounded for a month.
 Tom won one hundred bucks.
 She told me that she was very happy with her marriage.
 The vanilla coffee was sweet and refreshing.
 I can't wait until I can watch football again.
 When she woke up the next day, she was exhausted.
 She couldn't wait to go back.
 Meghan and her friends had a great time at her party.
 He had to buy a new computer.
 Jen decided to paint her landscape paintings with her own color scheme.
 Eventually he healed and his wife was happy again.
 Gina was heartbroken that she would have to wait so long to get married.
 Tom stopped drinking so much beer.
 Sheri missed her interview.
 Jan was very embarrassed.
 He went home and fixed the cabinet.
 Bertie now lives in a warm and comfortable house.
 Haley had to go to the hospital to treat her burns.
 Ben had to go to the hospital to get his teeth removed.
 Marlene and her mom made the cookies.
 Her kidneys recovered and she was able to walk again.
 She loved it so much, she decided to stay there more often.
 They had to get a new air mattress.
 He had to go to the store to get it fixed.
 James got a job designing video games for Sony Computer Entertainment.
 They told him it was a joke and he didn't care.
 He would always remember this trip forever.
 Tom wound up not getting enough food for dinner.
 When i saw her house she was so happy to see me.
 I guess I'll have to find a new resume.
 His girlfriend loved it.
 The kids were so happy to have seen such a funny animal.
 Mason was crushed and never talked to her again.
 Tina had to clean it up.
 She had to go to the store to get it fixed.
 Martha's mother was very pleased with her purchase.
 John's phone broke and he had to buy a new one.
 The employee told Derek to wash his hands and left.
 Kia was disappointed.
 They had a great day at the waterfall.
 He never saw the dog again.
 She wrote a critique of his work.
 The fire burned out of control and he had to call 911.
 Luckily, the robbers managed to get away.
 Elsa was so happy to see school again!
 Finally, he found it in the garbage can.
 It is a great way to celebrate the fest!
 Mara now makes a living doing what she loves.
 After the bath, Beverly felt much better.
 I was so relieved when I found the folder and saved it.
 Now Patricia travels the world with her dream of a cotton field.
 Linda was relieved when she saw it was just a tree.
 Tom had to cancel his flight.
 Now Derek can enjoy his bath without getting wet.
 The doctor said she had the flu and needed to go home early.
 They found him a few blocks away.
 I put it back on and went to class.
 Lily broke up with him and is now single.
 It is a good way to learn about new games.
 We had a good time.
 Allie then had to buy new ones.
 Julie decided to give up on the series.
 Now I have a lot of room to spare.
 Wendy and Lara had a fun day at the zoo.
 I had to clean up the mess before I left.
 Inside was a drawing of a girl who looked like her mother.
 Sally was able to sleep much better the next day.
 He was able to file a lawsuit against his aunt's estate.
 The carpet was ruined.
 Dwayne decided to keep the money.
 Helen declined the offer.
 Luckily, her friends helped her clean it up.
 By the time I was five, I had learned how to cook.
 Ed was so proud of himself for beating the other runners.
 She had a great time on her trip!
 Tony's cheesecake was delicious!
 Lauren was happy to have lunch with her best friend.
 Margaret and Truman decided to get the cottage.
 It is a fun game and I will do it again.
 Kyle was pleased with his new haircut.
 Anja felt very good about herself for helping others.
 Kia was glad she'd done it.
 Gary realized he had to ask her out on a date.
 He confessed and was sentenced to life in prison.
 Darby's poetry was published and she became a famous poet.
 He decided to just wear socks instead.
 At the end of the day, the bridesmaids had finished their work.
 But she decided to go back to the old place.
 Once he was done, he put the hose away.
 Tony punched the man and left the bar.
 Norma was happy to be getting more sleep.
 The plane landed safely and Chuck was relieved.
 Jason and Susan had a great time.
 Sandy's homework was ruined.
 Leslie was fired.
 Tom was happy to have finished the book.
 The owner was able to call the owner to thank him.
 Barry and his parents had a great time at the circus.
 Tom and his girlfriend moved out.
 He decided not to cross the border again.
 She never went to parties again.
 She ended up cutting her hair short.
 Juniper had to go home and change into a headscarf.
 Melissa decided to only eat spinach from then on.
 Stan was happy that he had finally found a girlfriend.
 Alan got an A on his research paper.
 Tom's friend helped him fix it.
 He had to go back inside.
 He grounded Benny for a month.
 She was glad she joined.
 I can't wait to go back next week.
 Betty's husband found out and fired her.
 Luckily, her husband won the free quilt!
 Jacob had to go to the hospital to get his toe fixed.
 I decided to never run in the smog again.
 Leo was happy to learn how to play a piano piece.
 He was thankful that he didn't have to pay for the damages.
 The kids were so happy to finally get to school!
 The photo was taken by someone else and he was embarrassed.
 Carl had to clean up the mess he made with the balloons.
 Now, Caroline is much healthier.
 Karyn's fever went away.
 I decided to give it a try and it worked great.
 Janet and her husband had a wonderful time on their trip.
 They had a great time.
 Jimmy pitched and hit a homerun to win the game for his team.
 Tom never used that car again.
 Finally, she decided to give it to her friend.
 James was happy to have something to do.
 Angelique and Juan are now a happy couple.
 Tom was able to make a lot of money from it.
 Janet's cat became very adept at jumping on the bed.
 Jane said she was going to the library.
 Aya had to throw the dish out.
 But she couldn't find it.
 We were shocked to find out we are sisters.
 Bill's wife was so happy that she gave him a big hug.
 Jordan was so happy that she won the contest.
 Tim was grounded for a month.
 Kia had a great time at the circus!
 She was offered a contract and signed to a record label.
 The restaurant responded by firing Irene.
 Joe and his family had a great time.
 She was very happy.
 Ryan read the book and loved it.
 I realized that I needed to listen to my videos more.
 Finally, Joseph was able to see a deer in real life.
 She was able to get a standing ovation.
 Todd felt much better after the physical therapy session.
 He drank the water and then went back to bed.
 Brad is now known as one of the best coffee shops in town.
 Adam was grounded for a month.
 They all loved it.
 Finally he went home.
 I can't wait to go on one more roller coaster.
 Carla was finally able to get a new job.
 She decided to break up with him.
 Arnie made a lot of money from selling the stock.
 I had a great time and will ride it again.
 He had to get a tetanus shot.
 Joe and Jim decided to never go hiking again.
 Tom had to buy a new drill.
 Dawn had to buy a new car to replace her vacuum.
 So Blue Oliver will always be my favorite cat.
 The hat made Sally fall in love with nature.
 Candy got an F on her assignment.
 Frank was glad that the baby was no longer smelly.
 Ellie was able to pass her math test with flying colors!
 Keith was able to move into his new apartment.
 The receiver caught the ball and scored a touchdown.
 Alicia had a great time at the haunted house.
 I bought it and wore it home.
 Tom adopted it and loved it.
 He made a lot of money.
 Jason was kicked out of the locker room.
 Neil decided to never ride his bike again.
 Alex decided to stick with the brushes she already had and loved them.
 The Cubs won the game and the World Series.
 Todd mowed the lawn.
 She told him to be nicer to his parents.
 Luckily, she managed to get it all the way to perfect.
 It was a fun game.
 Ana decided to add olive oil and feta cheese to her salad dressing!
 Ira was so proud of his team!
 His son stopped playing with him.
 Dave was happy to finally get his KFC.
 The two became close friends, and soon became close friends!
 She ran out of the cemetery and never went back.
 The plumber was so mad that he kicked me out of the place.
 So she decided to go home instead.
 Anna took the cat to the vet right away.
 Scott was able to buy candy on Halloween night.
 Ana and Patty became roommates and lived happily ever after.
 His wife said it was the most beautiful view she had ever seen.
 I thanked him and walked home.
 Rory and Timmy played a lot of golf and had a great time.
 It was so good he decided to go back often.
 He decided not to take it again.
 We never saw our father again.
 We are now happily married.
 I was so scared that I ran away and never went back.
 Emily went to the hospital to get treated for her burns.
 Emma decided to use it more often.
 She decided to name her baby Pacey.
 The letter stated that she was quitting her Marketing job.
 Tim and his Dad went fishing with the worms.
 Tim had a great time on the train ride.
 Miles was able to get back together with his friends after a long vacation.
 Tim decided to go see it again.
 Tom wound up having to buy a new one.
 She told him that she loved him - and they had a great time!
 I bought the drink and went home.
 Pete was happy with his purchase.
 Jason and his friends had a great time at the buffet.
 Tom was arrested for public intoxication.
 Jenna won the competition and was very happy.
 I realized that I needed to be more open to God.
 Dan was able to retake his test the next day.
 Lucy was so happy when she saw Santa in the mirror.
 Her dad would never see her makeup again.
 She told me that I was not good enough.
 Winter had such a great time at the rink!
 So Suzy had to drive to the store again.
 Adam and Andy were suspended from school for a week.
 She was able to make the muffins for her boyfriend.
 We decided to get a puppy instead.
 We posted the photo on FB.
 Jeff had to take his son to the doctor.
 I guess I'll have to find a new trick-or-treating spot.
 My cousins and I became best friends.
 She called the police and they arrested the person.
 Tom had to clean it up.
 Tom was sentenced to prison.
 The other boxers went back and forth and so did the guards.
 My son is now the tallest man in the room.
 Kate's mother yelled at her for being so careless.
 Jenna and her mom had a great time at the market.
 He went to the store and bought a new one.
 The next day, we went out for ice cream together.
 Linda was so happy to receive her pizza!
 He decided to become a clown.
 Allie was very upset.
 Sarah won the match and won the gold medal.
 Susy had to call a plumber to fix it.
 Ken and his wife both agreed that eggs were delicious!
 They all had a good time.
 Paula said yes and they went on a big date that night.
 Ryan broke his arm and had to go to the hospital.
 Tom had to walk home alone.
 I was so proud of myself that day.
 David was happy to hear Bob play the guitar.
 My friends and I had a great time at the party.
 Tina had to send it back.
 Tom had to pull over to get it fixed.
 They fell in love and got married.
 The girl was so happy to have her ring back!
 Josie had to call a plumber to fix it.
 He will miss his family and friends but he will miss his friends.
 Thankfully we made it out ok.
 It was a great relief from the flood.
 Finally she got the iphone she wanted.
 The power was back on and he could resume watching tv.
 Kyle screamed and ran away.
 He found his eye was swollen shut.
 James woke up the next morning and was very happy.
 Kristy was so happy when she saw her name on the cover of her magazine!
 He had a great time at the zoo with his friends.
 Lisa couldn't wait to wear it to prom.
 She said it was the best I had ever tasted.
 I ended up buying four pumpkins and they were delicious.
 Sara was relieved to find her parents had found her phone.
 I think FJ is being too sensitive.
 Frank said he would hire one day.
 John was able to find the dressing room for the ladies and girls.
 They were delicious!
 Jim went home and apologized to the girl.
 The beggar smiled and walked away.
 The iron made her hair even braver.
 I was so happy to see the movie that I cried.
 I called my husband and told him I would never speak to him again.
 Jimmy was able to land perfectly on the ledge.
 He ate the cereal anyway.
 Finally, he sat back down and felt better.
 His dog had eaten the chicken.
 So she decided to try something else.
 Mike lost a lot of weight.
 She decided to just go to sleep instead.
 Greg was happy to have new shoes.
 We went back to the house and went to sleep.
 Unfortunately his friend didn't care.
 The doctor gave her some ointment.
 John and his buddies had a great time fishing.
 He bought a brand new one instead.
 He recently sold his first bricklayer and hopes to raise enough capital.
 Her aunt told her that she was proposing, and she accepted.
 Annika was so happy, she cried all the way home!
 Tim decided to just be himself.
 Susy was so upset.
 Patrick painted the mural of himself.
 I ended up falling and breaking my arm.
 Luckily, her parents were able to donate the tissue for her.
 The doctor diagnosed him with Zika virus and sent him home.
 Anne was so impressed with his kindness, she gave him a kiss!
 She had a great time on her flight.
 Tim lost and was upset.
 Then they all went home.
 They had a great time.
 Donna's son was able to get his grades up.
 She was so happy when he finally saw her again.
 Samantha had to quit her dream job and become a pilot.
 He had to buy new tires.
 But after a month, he had no money.
 When I opened them, they were the exact ones I wanted!
 Kia was so happy, she almost cried!
 Her kids loved them - and they all cried!
 Jon drank his uncle's coffee mug.
 James was able to pay his child back and raise her well.
 They had a great time skiing down the slopes together.
 Koa decided to quit modeling after that.
 Within a few months, Max had a beautiful diamond ring for Clara.
 The teacher gave me an F on the exam.
 Betty was happy to be able to share her joy with her friends.
 He had left it on the floorboard.
 Tim was so embarrassed that he never rode his bike again.
 She was so happy, she almost cried!
 Louis was so happy to finally see his childhood home.
 We rode the four wheelers all the way home.
 He drove away, and I never saw him again.
 I called the plumber and they fixed it.
 Anna was so proud of herself!
 The man answered the door and the boy was relieved.
 The Red Cross had come to our apartment building.
 Dawn filed for divorce the next day.
 Tina was so cold she couldn't sleep that night.
 Her mom was so proud of her cooking skills!
 It was a great time and a great time for all of us.
 John and Mark went to the circus and had a great time!
 I looked at the tree and it was gone.
 Eric was happy to have a healthy breakfast.
 Jan had to retake her test the next day.
 The dentist removed the tooth and John felt better.
 The woman looked at him and said, that's what you do?
 I realized that I needed to practice harder to become the smartest kid in class.
 When I got home, I realized I forgot to buy any pastries.
 But he did the best he could and got an A+.
 It was the most expensive wedding he's ever attended.
 James discovered that it was a gold-plated diamond ring.
 He said hello back and I said hello back.
 Finally, Kendall decided to call the cops.
 Dave arrived in California on time and got everything he needed.
 Jack was sad that he had to go to the store to find Bunny.
 Thankfully she was able to finish it.
 He was able to hit more balls in the game.
 It was a great way to celebrate the holidays!
 Sam became a citizen of two states.
 I thanked him and went back home.
 Alan called animal control to report the problem.
 Then she saw the iphone on her bed.
 Angie was flying high in the air!
 She was caught when her son came home from school.
 The new seamstress was very pleased with her new look.
 Jodie decided to go skiing the next day.
 But after a few days she realized she had made a lot of friends.
 Ellen is happy she tried Zumba.
 Allie was devastated.
 Timmy learned how to make his own pasta.
 Jan's work inspired many young women to become activists.
 John and his dad went to Paris and had a great time.
 Fred was so happy that his art was now worth more than he expected.
 I had to go to the hospital to get a cast on my leg.
 Cindy decided to wear a helmet from then on.
 Molly and her family had to rebuild their home.
 I ended up spending a lot of money.
 Donny had to go to the hospital to get his ankle treated.
 Luckily, her teacher was able to find it.
 Cary had to go to the hospital to get it fixed.
 The person in front of him yelled at him.
 I took it home and put it in my closet.
 Ivan and Mike were both very proud of their work!
 He ended up finishing last.
 The ice skates were a great addition to the pond.
 So she had to go back home.
 Cory and Wayne had to call the cops to arrest him.
 Kristen was not hungry anymore.
 He shot the target and it missed.
 I decided to take a break from studying.
 Tom had to go to the pet store and get a new pet.
 Beth had to call a tow truck to get the car fixed.
 The next morning, Aki's paper route was dry and waterproof!
 They all had a great time at Alice's new school.
 Laura was able to be a good reader.
 Jezebel was very happy.
 Jack had to pay a fine.
 Inside the box was a flashlight and John was no longer afraid.
 Annika learned that riding her bike wasn't so bad after all.
 She decided to get a new one.
 Marcus ate the rest of the cookies.
 Finally, he found a bagel chain and bought it.
 The dog ran away.
 They fit perfectly.
 Barbara's doctor removed her kidneys and Barbara felt much better.
 Tom bought the costume.
 Mario was so scared, he ran home and never went back.
 Bob and Fred are now best friends.
 Tom was never cold again.
 Joe decided to go back to work the next day.
 Finally, my professor showed up.
 Kelsey adopted the puppy and brought it home.
 Tara was able to alleviate her stress.
 He decided to move out.
 Agnes and Allen now have a baby girl.
 The catcher caught the ball.
 John rode his scooter to the war memorial and had a great time!
 When I was done I felt like a balloon man.
 Mary called animal control and they came and took the bird away.
 Terry and his kid had a good time.
 They gave him money to buy his supplies.
 He had a great time.
 He wanted to go back.
 He saved a lot of money by doing this.
 He began to feel much better.
 Granddad shot the man who shot first.
 Ron had a great day at work.
 So she had to send the kid off to the hospital.
 He now practices meditating every day.
 I told her I would never play with her again.
 He deleted the email.
 Tom was able to play without lag again.
 She had never been so grossed out!
 Tom had to get a tetanus shot.
 Samantha is now engaged to be married.
 He sold the home and bought the house.
 I never went back to that dealership again.
 He said it was the most fun he had ever had.
 Johnny was able to do his work while he was distracted.
 Tom had to cancel his skype call.
 When he was done brewing, Jackson was very happy with his purchase.
 They had a great time at the aquarium.
 The ball landed in the outfield.
 Beth and her friends had a great time at the dance.
 Mike and his sister had a great time on the train ride.
 Finally she found it under her bed.
 Ted now volunteers at the homeless shelter every week.
 So she dumped him.
 They told her she was the lead character in the movie!
 Tony got the promotion.
 Tom downloaded the new web browser.
 But she never wore them again.
 Then she saw that she had voted correctly.
 I told her I would miss him a lot.
 His girlfriend accepted him.
 She sold over a million balloons.
 Tom loved his new tv!
 Tom was able to get it back.
 Bob was relieved that it was just a squirrel.
 We ended up talking for hours.
 It was one of my fondest memories.
 Tom and Tina were very happy.
 Taylor was so scared that he never went outside again.
 Emily had a great time on her vacation.
 Soon he had a garden full of vegetables.
 The county council approved the plan and now the park is in the city.
 Now they are both furry.
 Jasmine and the boy became good friends.
 The next day the dog ate all of Jane's food.
 Mary had to pay all of her bills with her credit card.
 Tom had to sell them.
 I told him I would babysit him tomorrow.
 But when she got home she found it in the living room.
 Whitney had a great time on her vacation.
 I was amazed at how much they shined.
 He named the monkey after his pet monkey.
 Eventually he made it back to his campground.
 Kay realized she was allergic to bees and had to go to the hospital.
 When she got home, she realized that she forgot to pay for the food.
 She had to throw them out.
 Tim's friend had to take him to the hospital.
 The old man was very sad.
 John used the ice cream to make ice cream.
 My roommate ended up getting in trouble for smoking.
 But they did accept her offer.
 The cops arrested them.
 Ted was able to remove the shirts from the site.
 Kate was so happy to see her brother again!
 Tommy and his friends had a great time trick or treating.
 It was the best burrito she had ever had.
 The repairman fixed Hannah's tire.
 They decided to adopt the dog.
 George was able to sell his edibles for a profit.
 Tom decided to get a different one.
 His neighbor came over and bought John a shirt.
 Jim decided to just eat pasta alone.
 Ned was happy to see that the newspaper was dry.
 We were very happy with the car.
 Tom never used his laptop again.
 Tom was able to work at the coffee shop without distractions.
 Barbara was very upset.
 Now Maurice is known as the richest man in the world.
 Donna and her daughter rode the ride together.
 She was very happy.
 Daniel decided not to take the boat out to the lake anymore.
 They told me it was a good idea.
 Tom and his friend had to take the dog back.
 Kimi was able to make it out safely.
 Franklin had to buy a new robot.
 Tom was proud of himself.
 We laughed about it.
 He picked up the phone and dialed his phone number.
 Carter was grounded for a month.
 I told him I was sorry, and he accepted me.
 I decided to walk home instead.
 Tim's new kitten was a great addition to his home.
 My boss loved the tie.
 She said she was allergic to makeup.
 Samuel decided to go home early.
 The other boy won by ten points!
 Sam wound up quitting his club and becoming a better tennis player.
 Cal was able to get the oil change he needed.
 Tim decided not to go on nature hikes anymore.
 Piper had to go to the hospital for a concussion.
 I was so ashamed that I never ate stuffed animals again.
 Susy was happy with her choice.
 They were sad to leave their parents, but happy to be closer to the mermaid.
 Rosa couldn't wait to taste the crepes!
 He was able to get a good deal on his new car.
 She had fallen on the floor.
 Tim had to buy a new one.
 Tony was very proud of his accomplishment.
 Now Joshua has a stack of pancakes that he can make himself.
 Timmy was very happy with his new swing.
 We were very happy.
 I can't wait to see what he does next.
 Michael had a great time at his high school reunion!
 Tim decided to call the cops and file a report.
 Tom's girlfriend was upset.
 She ran out of the pit and never went back.
 He had to go home and change his pants.
 Franklin was arrested for assault and battery.
 Janet quit her job.
 John never went back to school again.
 Lisa followed the advice and had headaches again.
 Paul and his father had to go back home to their hunting trip.
 Ashley was able to get her DVD player back working again.
 Carl decided to stop and draw more often.
 Tom was able to get a job as a programmer.
 When I got home, my feet felt much better.
 Fred and Allie had a wonderful time together.
 Harry was very happy to receive a promotion for his work.
 Jerry had to write another checkbook.
 Brett had a great time at the carnival and had a great time.
 The veterinarian found out the cat was pregnant with kittens.
 The landlord was very pleased with my work.
 It turns out my alarm clock is broken.
 The doctor gave Sue a prescription for Advil and she was able to go home.
 Steve and his wife had a great time at the campsite.
 Ada and Jose are now happily married and living happily ever after.
 Kim was able to walk again.
 Now she lives a life of luxury and fulfillment in a world of castles.
 I had to cut my hair short to avoid the pain.
 My mother in law rushed to the hospital to save her.
 Randy was grounded for a month.
 The man looked at the book and smiled.
 Jacob was happy to have a relationship with a woman he liked.
 I had forgotten to turn the oven on!
 Alas, the zucchini pasta turned out very bad.
 He asked me if I wanted to go and I said yes.
 I told him it was the best song he ever heard.
 She taught him everything she knew and he was very happy.
 Tim eventually broke up with her.
 Now Garry is a great painter.
 Ella went to the parade with her father.
 Ana was relieved when they told her she looked great!
 Caden scored a touchdown and won the game.
 So she had to cancel the party.
 Bob planted the vegetables on the land and had a big garden.
 Patricia had to clean up the mess.
 When I got home, my teeth were stuck in the meat.
 They sent me a new sub for free.
 John felt much better after drinking the energy drink.
 She told us that she had forgotten the order.
 I decided to cheer him up.
 When I woke up, I realized I had broken my ankle.
 Lisa bought the dress and wore it to the dance.
 Tim decided he would never experience turbulence again.
 JayLo was so upset, she didn't speak to her husband for weeks.
 Together, they drew a picture of a smiling Joe.
 Paul realized that he should have listened to his boss.
 Tom had to get rid of it.
 The actor was so proud of himself!
 Mary raised over $1,000 for cancer research.
 The next day, the lady returned the candy to John.
 Jenny was excited to start her new career as a teacher.
 Eventually the t-shirt was taken down.
 Jacob quit his apprenticeship and went back to school.
 Hank now lives alone and has no money to live alone.
 John said it was because he was afraid of the dark.
 He was never seen again.
 Jon was happy to finally have a cat.
 He found the rare pokemon.
 I ended up hitting him and he fell on the ground.
 Kara was arrested and sent to jail.
 Carl bought a new bottle of Corkscrew and was very happy.
 He had to get a new scarf.
 But the man stopped her and Sasha ran away.
 He painted the bare walls.
 It is a nice way to spend our time together.
 He was so happy to see the floats all over town!
 Susie was happy with her decision.
 He had to go home and change.
 Tom had to cancel the party.
 The lady said they had gotten in a car accident.
 Kai was able to become a very energetic karate master!
 When Corinne looked in the mirror, she saw that she looked nineteen.
 Walter was very happy with his new wallet.
 Allison's ufber was the envy of all her friends!
 She ended up falling and breaking her arm.
 Alicia was so happy when they hired her.
 The couples were so happy to have their new pets.
 Cody was so proud of himself, he almost cried!
 Gabriel was grounded for a month.
 Jim did great and won the tournament.
 Tom's car was totaled.
 My mother-in-law was not amused.
 Alicia was so happy with her new tattoo.
 Lee is very happy that she got the job.
 Rob failed his test.
 It turned out great.
 Now my nails are very short and strong.
 Allie was so happy.
 Shelly said yes.
 Jane and her friend had a great time at the show.
 She had to send it back and replace it.
 Vladimir shot the bear and the bear ran away.
 Now, Wilce goes to the Amazon every day.
 Tim decided to spend the rest of the holidays with her.
 She was so happy to see him!
 The two caterwauling cats were banned from my yard.
 Jack was able to buy the shoes he wanted.
 Toby decided to never go through another haunted house again.
 Tom was forced to stop riding his motorcycle.
 He was able to get things done.
 Fenton laughed and told the punks what he had done.
 Hilda was diagnosed with cancer.
 He said it was a good thing he did.
 When she woke up the room was warm again.
 They were no longer boys in rock and roll, they were girls!
 She was able to pay her bills and pay her bills on time.
 He had to buy a new hanger.
 She was so thankful.
 The basement was cool enough to keep Kate warm.
 She didn't want to see him again.
 I think he will find a new job soon.
 When I woke up the next day, I had a stomach ache.
 Tim and his family had a good time.
 Tim decided to not go to the concert.
 He decided to go see the comedy instead.
 She had a great time at prom.
 Eric bought a deer meat sandwich and ate it.
 Paul went to the game with his jacket on.
 He will be out for 3 months.
 But she didn't think so.
 The man apologized profusely and walked away.
 Melanie's daughter thanked her for helping her.
 Tom had to buy new ones.
 Eventually, the student became fluent in English.
 Marie's hair was now gray.
 Now Michael has a job and money to spend.
 Walter had to go to the store to get his umbrella.
 So she had to find another place to go.
 His son said that he'd been working on the railroad for years.
 So she had to return it.
 Karl is so happy that he finally has enough money for work.
 Lola was so sad, she cried herself to sleep.
 Chris decided to stop drinking mare's milk.
 Caitlyn and her cousin went to Las Vegas and had a great time.
 They gave him a refund.
 Jason realized that he needed to work harder to achieve his goals.
 Anna had a great time trick or treating in the United States.
 Billy was so happy when he saw the movie.
 Susie was very happy.
 He got the job.
 Mike is now a very good guitarist.
 Hannah and her boyfriend went out on a date and had a great time.
 Kayla and her friends had burned their s'mores!
 We went back to the course and played mini golf.
 We decided not to go to pool anymore.
 Alex lost the game and her friends.
 John decided to stay home and watch TV instead.
 My friend and I went home with the money.
 Joni brought home eggs for his birthday.
 I was glad that he understood.
 Bruce was happy with his choice of furniture.
 Now she doesn't like men who snore.
 To his delight the prop turned out really well.
 He decides to go to college and play professional ball!
 Kim decided not to drink tea any more.
 His parents were very proud of him.
 Julian had a great time on the subway.
 Jen decided Saudi Arabia was the best place to live!
 Mrs Leach was happy to have her project completed.
 We were very relieved.
 Tom apologized and bought gas for his friend.
 The vet gave Kelly a tetanus shot.
 They broke up over it.
 It was a great way to spend the evening.
 Allison's mom cooked the family dinner for the youngest.
 Tim was never bullied again.
 John won the raffle!
 The coffee was ruined.
 The girl thanked her profusely for helping her.
 After 20 minutes, Joanne was able to safely land on the ground.
 He ended up crashing into another car.
 Chris kept the dog.
 Tim decided not to try them again.
 He had to go to the dentist to get it fixed.
 Sheena couldn't wait to show it off to her friends!
 When I opened the door, I saw my mother sitting on the porch.
 Sammy accepted the offer and became a life coach.
 I decided to never ride my bike again.
 He replaced the fuse and plugged it back in.
 Cindy's skin cleared up.
 She wished she hadn't gone to the gym!
 He said he was going to meet me at the next meeting.
 Marsha is very happy that she started a healthy lifestyle.
 Tom wound up liking it even more.
 I realized that I should have listened to my doctor.
 Junebug had come home from the store!
 Thankfully it was fixed.
 He ate the chicken for dinner.
 She decided to cut her hair short so people would recognize her.
 Juan and his date had a great time at the restaurant.
 Jack now has a healthy hair line that is 70 % longer.
 She was able to listen to music on her ipod.
 So she gave it to her neighbor.
 Ana and her BFF had a great time catching up!
 Ashley bought the cowgirl costume.
 Soon Aya was the best archer in the state!
 John won the poker game!
 The charges were eventually dropped.
 The manager apologized and gave Dave a new meal.
 He was able to make his own video game.
 Chrissy was so happy that she adopted the dog.
 There was a sign that said the school was closed!
 It was the best candy I had ever had!
 When he got home, he realized he had put too many layers on.
 Tom was able to get a partial refund.
 The agent signed the manuscript and John was able to publish his novel.
 When I got home, she gave me a big hug and said thank you.
 The next day, the recruiter told Jared that he had passed the test.
 Judy was able to earn some money selling her jewelry.
 Jeremy shot the goat and killed it.
 Anna's baby was born perfectly healthy!
 Betty was so happy that her parents gave her the telescope.
 John was finally able to get rid of his addiction.
 The Smith were so excited when they saw the new toy!
 I decided to just hire someone else to do the cleaning.
 Tom was able to have a clean house.
 Michael is now a professional bodybuilder.
 Harvey had to clean it up.
 John and his co-workers had a great time at the show.
 Mark was able to quit smoking for good.
 Tom wound up getting yelled at.
 I pulled over and he pulled me over.
 I told him I would never speak to him again.
 Jerry used the shells to make his walking stick.
 Tom was very happy.
 He was able to get his car painted.
 She had to go to the doctor.
 I had to go to the hospital.
 I decided to quit my job.
 He loved it so much he bought a ticket to the Olympics.
 They fixed the problem and Tom was able to play his video games.
 He decided to quit smoking and start drinking alcohol.
 I am very happy that I went to the party.
 It was a fun day in the desert.
 He died of a heart attack three years later.
 Fred was fired.
 Ted's dog slept well that night.
 He decided not to play anymore.
 Ken was so relieved that he quit smoking for good!
 John won the bet!
 Sal was upset that his neighbor had forgotten about the apple.
 Hank was happy that he could spend the day at the park.
 Tom had a broken arm.
 So I decided to go for a walk instead.
 Manny was fired from his job.
 Now, Natalie is a very popular autistic girl.
 He was able to communicate with his friend again.
 Jerry was grounded for a month.
 Caleb decided not to go to the beach.
 She was excited to be in the interview.
 Joey was so proud of himself!
 Joe decided to never play bacchanalia again.
 Ella and Frank are now homeowners of their own home.
 Larry had to leave the band.
 Mary's dress fit her perfectly.
 Tom was able to make a difference in people's lives.
 Tim was very happy about that.
 The soup was cold, but it was delicious!
 Gerry was happy to be rid of his hair.
 However, he ended up giving me the wrong one.
 Ivy was so glad she'd agreed to a blind date!
 Anna was so happy, she almost cried!
 Now the power is back on and the trees are standing up again.
 He stopped sneezing.
 Hillary lost the election.
 Jesse failed his test.
 I told him I was glad my son had come over.
 The next day, I found my dog sitting on the front porch!
 It was the best Thanksgiving she ever had.
 Tom bought a new mouse.
 Harry was so happy that his mom bought him the ninja costume.
 She broke up with him.
 Eventually they got tired and flew away.
 She had to throw it out.
 Jane had to go to the store and get a refund.
 Luckily, she was able to lift the child out of the stroller.
 Jason bought a new wardrobe and was no longer tired of old clothes.
 And she felt much better.
 Jennie was so happy with her new dress she cried!
 Laurie and her sister-in-law had a great time working together!
 Tom didn't get the job.
 Our neighbors loved their homemade gifts.
 Kate had to wait until she got home to cool off.
 Tom had to call the plumber to fix it.
 Tom never found out who ate it.
 Jan was able to retake her test the next day.
 Susy was so mad she deleted her number.
 John decided to quit his job as a waiter.
 Andrew won $50.
 He woke up the next morning to a scary movie under the tree.
 Annie was proud of her progress.
 He was crushed.
 Bobby and Clive decided to break up.
 It made her mint taste even better.
 She said she would not go back to that job.
 Ann called the police and they came to investigate.
 Dave and his friends got mad and threw it away.
 Tony was so sad, he quit his job and moved out.
 Jake threw a shutout and won the game.
 She loved them so much she bought more.
 I realized that I should be more careful about what I wear.
 He was never able to join the army again.
 Beau was happy to have seen such a beautiful animal.
 Frederick went back to the jail and told his father what he'd done.
 Tom was able to get the best gift ever.
 Ned was happy that he was no longer afraid of strangers.
 He was forced to go out of business.
 Jake was upset he had to go back to the table.
 It was delicious.
 I realized I needed to be more open about my relationship with God.
 John decided to quit his apprenticeship and become a plumber.
 She had to go home and change her pants.
 Unfortunately he was shot and killed.
 Tom was able to reach his goals and achieve them.
 Jay was so scared, he ran out of the cage and never came back!
 Thankfully she was able to do so.
 But as she swam, she realized it was only seaweed.
 He did so and it ruined the picture.
 Ed had a great time at the reunion.
 Kate was so happy to see the snow had stopped.
 Luckily they were able to help.
 Allie was so upset.
 The man was holding a gun, and she shot him.
 Now she lives in the center of the city and loves it.
 But soon he stopped talking to her.
 It was the end of the countdown.
 Katie decided to never speed again.
 I had to go to the hospital.
 I will never go to the Goldsmith's again.
 They all had a blast.
 Jason and Jennifer are now best friends.
 Jack had to go to the hospital.
 Allie was so scared.
 She fell on the ground and broke her ankle.
 Tom decided to get rid of the dog.
 Laurie will have to go to the mall for a new wallet.
 Ky was sad, but she knew she'd have to work even harder to earn money!
 I went to the polls and cast my vote for president.
 Katy was able to pay off her interest and pay off her bills.
 Tim was able to buy the stuff he needed.
 So I bought them and they were delicious!
 It made him sick to his stomach.
 She said yes and we went home together.
 Danny was grounded for a week.
 Joe had to move out.
 He found the dog and brought it home.
 The next day, Baylor woke up with a mild case of insomnia.
 Abe and his uncle had a great time flying a small plane.
 Kevin had to sell his farm and move back in with his family.
 Then she went to bed.
 The power came back on and I was relieved.
 Kate thought that was cute.
 Tom had to pay a lot of money.
 When I got home, I hugged my husband and told him I loved him.
 They were very happy.
 Annie had to buy a new car.
 Emily went to school in the freezing cold!
 They all had a great time trick or treating.
 I bought the pink room pink.
 It smelled very good.
 Tom got a job at the restaurant.
 Dan won the competition and became a world renown player.
 So Suzy had to take them home.
 Eric was happy that he learned piano.
 Julie made the squad and made the team.
 Carey decided to watch the new season.
 We will definitely watch horror movies again next Halloween.
 They laughed at me when I told them it was just a joke.
 Danny was elated to find out he had won the game!
 Thom was very sad that his Xbox had been stolen.
 Mike was soaked by the time he got home.
 Tyler was very touched by her.
 She had forgotten to change the machine.
 Tom was able to eat breakfast quickly.
 Tim decided to just give up on the movie altogether.
 Tim had to go home and change.
 My friends were not impressed.
 Tom loved Pilates and loved Pilates as well.
 The man fell to the ground and Jim laughed at his luck.
 Sam called animal control to report the cat.
 The casserole turned out great.
 She found out the baby was lactose intolerant.
 Ina was very happy with her purchase!
 Ella failed her test.
 Tim found the dog sleeping on the couch.
 Melissa's son loved the new shoes.
 He is now happier than he was before.
 George had to go to the hospital to treat Pete.
 Jim got the job.
 Susie had a great time.
 The dog never bit Tom again.
 We live in Norway now.
 Coy had to take the puppy to the vet.
 John and Mary went to dinner together.
 Richard won the case and won a huge amount of money.
 She found the pen under her bed.
 We were amazed by the loud noises.
 Tina had to pay a fine.
 He never opened it again.
 The spider was gone!
 She ordered the Pocky Japanese candy right away!
 Jane had to call for help.
 Warren went back to work the next day.
 Howard learned his lesson.
 Luckily, she was okay.
 The real estate agent sold Sam's house.
 And he successfully quit drinking.
 Now, my dog is allergic to penicillin caps.
 They had a great time exploring the Pacific!
 Dina was able to lose the weight she wanted.
 Tom had to get a new hat.
 Alicia decided to save her money and buy the suit.
 Alyssa broke down crying.
 Now Cari majored in Business as well as History!
 Lisa was so upset that she threw the bike away.
 She ended up selling all of the things she wanted and making a lot of money.
 I had to go to the hospital to get treated for my injuries.
 Tom had to go to the hospital.
 But after a while, he agreed to let her go.
 When the lights turned back on, Bill and Jimmy had a great time!
 Hannah had to go home and change her hair.
 Alex's mother found her.
 Ally had to walk all the way back to the store.
 The fireplace was a big success!
 The cereal was the best she had ever tasted.
 Dillon lost the fight, but he was glad he had a gun.
 Kim was happy to have her kids go to bed earlier.
 The doctor gave me some pills to help me sleep better.
 She told him that she had squeezed oranges for breakfast.
 Tom kept the book.
 She ended up falling on the ground.
 Susie was very happy that she won the contest.
 He won the contest.
 It went over the fence and Tom won the game.
 She was so sleepy that she fell asleep in the middle of the night.
 Tom served his country proudly.
 Sally was so happy to receive the free donut, she almost cried!
 Her parents were proud of her for turning 16.
 We were not amused.
 So she got another one.
 Larry was diagnosed with OCD.
 I sat on the porch and watched my dogs swim away from the water.
 I told her I would miss her a lot.
 The spider crawled out of the closet and onto the floor.
 Linda was able to successfully fulfill the order for 100 cups.
 My father was arrested for selling alcoholic beverages.
 Tom eventually moved out.
 I read the whole book in one sitting.
 Alex and her cousins had a great time on the train.
 The next morning, Aya woke up and realized she had overslept!
 I think I will be the prettiest kid on the block.
 When he woke up, his tummy was gone.
 Tom had to send it back and get a replacement.
 Rocky was arrested and spent the night in jail.
 Bailey won first place in the state race.
 Sam and John became best friends.
 They took the dogs to the vet, who said they were ok.
 I ended up having to clean the entire house.
 Todd had to go to the hospital.
 Monica was happy that she was able to walk to school.
 Luckily they had everything she needed and she was able to get it.
 We ended up winning the game and were very happy.
 She had to buy another one.
 Jim was able to get his car keys.
 He felt much better about his retirement.
 We never got to the appointment.
 The next day, Brady was the best pointer player on the team.
 Heather and her son sued the company and won money.
 John went back to his math class and majored in astronomy.
 Tim's friend was able to get it back.
 Eventually they decided on a comedy.
 It was scary.
 Eddie politely declined and walked away.
 Evan had a great time at the party.
 Erica decided to drop out of her PhD program.
 He stopped buying them.
 He found a bag of cereal in the trash can.
 James and his friends had a great time on the mountain.
 John had to cancel his appointment.
 Tom had to get them fixed.
 She became a woman of self-confidence and self-discipline.
 My grandniece was very pleased with the outcome.
 They had a great time on their vacation.
 John was amazed by the incredible beauty of the constellations.
 It was too sentimental for her to enjoy anymore.
 The cat never came back.
 She had to buy a new one.
 Herb's firm became very large.
 Jed got his autograph and went home.
 She threw the containers away and ordered pizza.
 Jess was able to quit rheumatoid arthritis for good.
 He would scream until he fell asleep.
 Finally, the hostess gave them their food and they enjoyed it.
 Ana was so happy to have her pierced ears pierced!
 He finally got the book.
 Eventually the country split into two and ruled by the Monarchy.
 Sarah used the new sponge to clean the bathroom.
 I sat down and enjoyed my meal.
 Eva got the part in the play.
 The agent signed her up for a record deal!
 Tim was so happy he almost cried.
 The teacher gave him detention for not eating.
 I was fired from my job.
 He noticed that his cat was peeking at him.
 He had to buy another one.
 Luca jumped back into the water.
 Tom and his friends had to leave.
 The doctor gave him some medication to help.
 Zach decided to shave his beard.
 Corey made french toast.
 It was too short and she had to cut it back.
 I told him I would write the paper.
 Wendy's husband came home to find her crying.
 Tom decided to give them away.
 Timothy was very happy with his new watch.
 Tom followed the advice and his cramps went away.
 Hank hit a homerun and won the game for his team.
 Now the cat is comfortable in the hot bed.
 Ashley decided to get rid of her sister.
 He had to go to the optometrist instead.
 They told him to stop running around.
 My friends and I had a great time at our party.
 Tracey was very happy when she found a new puppy for her.
 Bo and DJ went to the clubbing club and had a blast.
 He paid his ticket and went to the game.
 But then she realized it was just her imagination.
 Perry decided that he would have to go to college next fall.
 John and his friend had a great time at the coffee shop.
 When I woke up the next day, I felt much better.
 Stan's wife had to take him to the bank.
 Charlotte screamed and threw the balloon away.
 Kyle's cat now walks with the leash on.
 Chris woke up in the middle of the night with a headache.
 She never forgave herself.
 I was sad to read Mr Kent's autobiography.
 We were very happy with the results of our show.
 Ana was proud of her children's fondness for her clovers.
 Tom became popular with his friends and family.
 So Sally never brought lunch to school again.
 Tom spit it out and got sick.
 She had to call 911 for help.
 He had forgotten to turn on the alarm.
 He was happy to see his business thrive.
 Nolan decided he didn't like her at all.
 Lars laughed and told her to get a new one.
 Tim was relieved when she walked away.
 We both agreed that the movie was very good.
 The crowd clapped and cheered loudly.
 Professor Banns was a very sad man.
 Derek's door was now decorated with stickers.
 Tom lost the election.
 Tim was able to get back inside.
 He was so happy to see her smiling back at him.
 Dave and the kid became best friends.
 Mia had a great time at the pool.
 We ended up staying at the same place for two weeks.
 Stan and his friends had to go back inside.
 Tina was forced to call the fire department.
 She got a job at the vet office.
 Fred's wife had burned her steak.
 Luckily, my boss allowed me to keep the money for myself.
 Luckily her boyfriend loved the cake.
 Her dad had to take her to the hospital and she had to get a cast.
 I was so relieved when they told me that they'd kicked me out!
 We were able to get service on our phone the next day.
 Tim had to clean up the mess.
 The driver backed off and Eddie continued singing.
 Suzy was so happy she almost cried!
 Jose was so happy that he had finally seen a polar bear.
 Tso loved the food and thought it was delicious.
 Jake had to go to the hospital.
 Janie and her nephews were very happy.
 She realized she had forgotten to put the letter in the elevator.
 My niece laughed and told him she was just joking.
 This tradition has been going on for years.
 She was glad she did not have to work.
 Sally is now saving for a new SUV.
 I decided to never eat okra in the future.
 Tim was able to watch more episodes.
 The doctor told her she had a fever.
 The landlord agreed and Tom was able to pay his rent.
 Alicia had to go home.
 The manager gave him a new bag for free.
 Now they are back in the studio and recording their first album.
 Adam decided to stick with apple flavored candy.
 Ana wished she had gone sooner!
 Alexi had to go to the hospital to get her arm checked out.
 George was so happy that he had learned so much.
 Josh is now smoke free.
 Cody quit the army.
 Tom did not care about the environment.
 Jonah and his friends had a great time on their camping trip.
 When she was done, she was very fit.
 I told him it was just a prank and he didn't care.
 Michael made the team.
 I was relieved when he told me that he had already locked me out.
 Tom was able to improve his fitness significantly.
 Trevor got a home run to win the game.
 His dog had eaten the sandwich.
 He was so glad he'd taken the chance to see the asylum!
 Max became a great barbarian and learned so much about them.
 Tom and his friends had a great time at the baby shower.
 Eventually he gained a lot of muscle.
 He was able to make lots of money doing what he loved.
 She was happy to cast her vote.
 Kyle was happy with his new bed.
 Greg was able to take his bike to work on time and on his own.
 Jane's family was able to rebuild.
 Now she's able to print anything she wants on her computer.
 Gill was happy to be home.
 The old farmer was so grateful and gave Nate a big hug.
 She had eaten the sandwich!
 Luckily, we found out she was fine and healthy.
 After eight months, Peggy was able to get her tummy tuck.
 Pierre will be there for two weeks to show off the paintings.
 I put them on my computer screen.
 Amy was so happy she almost cried!
 Joe was so happy that he was able to play football again.
 They grounded me for a month.
 He was happy to finally have his dream boat.
 Jim decided to never pour milk into cereal again.
 Tammy had to get rid of the cat.
 I left the chat room.
 When he got home, he realized that he had overslept.
 Karen was determined to make her dream a reality.
 Jay got out of his car and called for help.
 He had to go to the dentist to get it fixed.
 Tim's neighbor was able to help him out.
 She never forgave herself.
 I had to go to the salon and get a haircut to fix it.
 It turned out to be delicious!
 The next day, Tommy and his friends went to the Mexican restaurant again.
 It was a great place to relax and play.
 Tom was able to scare it away.
 Allie realized she needed to work out more.
 So I decided to wash them all the time.
 It was a fun game.
 Bill decided to buy a new pair of socks.
 The mirror turned out to be ugly.
 The superintendent had to turn the water back on.
 Her plan worked and she was able to secure her dream.
 Joel's son-in-law told him that he had drunk too much.
 It was much better than he expected.
 He put it back together.
 It was a fun night.
 After brushing the toothpaste, my teeth felt much better.
 He said yes and we were very happy.
 Fred was so happy.
 She finally found the perfect gift.
 She decided to buy a new electric outlet and replace the covers.
 I never talked to her again.
 Amanda had a great time at the concert.
 Allison and Tony decided to go to a local restaurant instead.
 The prisoner escaped and was never seen again.
 I bought it and it looked great.
 Tom never found another cat.
 Tom bought his sister a gift.
 And when she finally calmed down, she cried even more.
 She had to go to the hospital for a concussion.
 Eventually Tom was hired at a different company.
 Within a few months, John was making a lot of money!
 Ken's TV was no longer acting up.
 Zoe was so proud of herself for achieving her goals.
 He had forgotten to turn around.
 Kimmy was so happy!
 Tom wound up joining the Navy.
 Allie was so disappointed.
 I told him I would never do that again.
 Lou had to go to the salon to get his hair fixed.
 He was diagnosed with autism.
 Tim was sad that he lost his kite.
 Tom was able to win the jackpot!
 Kate was relieved to have her car fixed.
 I had to throw the cookies away and clean up the mess.
 After that, I was able to use my computer.
 She was happy to have a job.
 When she got home she found her stuffed bear sitting on the table.
 Tim fixed the chair easily and was very happy.
 Tom was able to replace his chain easily.
 Tammy was happy with her new look.
 I went to the store and bought some groceries.
 Anna was glad she'd listened to her mother so much!
 It was a brand new Audi.
 Jim was able to quit smoking cigarettes.
 The cover was torn and she had to buy another one.
 He enlisted and got a promotion.
 She was so scared she ran out of the theater.
 Kyra was able to clean up the mess in her room.
 We all cheered him up.
 I told her to get out of my way, and she did.
 Phil decided to keep the deer as a pet.
 He went to the store and got a new laptop.
 Vanessa had to get a new vase.
 Becky and Tim got into a big fight and Tim won.
 I had to clean it up.
 He bought it.
 Bill had forgotten to put the pot on!
 Aya was shocked to find that her family hadn't been there before!
 Anna had to call an ambulance.
 Bill won the vote and became class president.
 Luckily, the beans came out just fine.
 Tom lost the gold medal.
 Tom and Chris became great friends.
 Now I can play music on my new speakers.
 Jesse was happy that his son was getting more educational.
 Sue had to go to the doctor.
 Rebecca was able to watch the show without any problems.
 James used the backpack to find his way back to school.
 Nate had to go home and change.
 I felt like I had finally experienced something.
 It was the most beautiful tree they had ever seen.
 Unfortunately it was too late and it crashed into a tree.
 The property manager fixed the smell problem.
 Kyo was so proud of himself!
 Tom enjoyed hiking and had a great time.
 Unfortunately it was too late and he broke up with her.
 Maurice was relieved to see Carl smiling at him.
 Jake decided to keep the other one.
 Now John makes a living doing what he loves.
 The manager gave him a free meal.
 Noah went home early.
 When I woke up, my car was totaled.
 John reluctantly agreed to help her escape.
 Bill bought Larry a new baseball cap.
 I told him it was a great show and he was happy.
 They were able to put out the fire.
 John's guests were impressed with his new scent.
 He hit the ball and it went in.
 I knitted her some knits for her birthday.
 When I got to the gate I saw he was on his way to Michigan.
 Jim decided to make his own chocolate bagel.
 Wyatt and his wife were terrified and ran away.
 Ben decided skiing wasn't for him, after all.
 Eventually he got used to it.
 Sara was happy to finally be free of her old job.
 She agreed and they had a wonderful time together.
 We took him to the vet and luckily he was okay.
 He said it was the best he ever had.
 She screamed and ran away.
 After surgery I was able to play basketball again.
 Tom had to buy a new backpack.
 Liz was given an F on the essay.
 Tom didn't know what to do about it.
 He broke up with her.
 He was able to get his license again.
 I left the bank and went home.
 I turned on the air conditioner and the house was cool again.
 He went home and cried.
 Wanda ended up wearing the crazy dress and had a great time.
 She was in the hospital for three days.
 He was glad he had made it to the top of the hill.
 Nick was very relieved.
 Terry ended up crashing his car and getting hurt badly.
 He told me he was sorry.
 Soon Ella was feeling much better!
 Alastair's book won a Pulitzer Prize for best New York Times bestseller.
 Ann's speeding ticket cost her a hundred dollars!
 Tom purchased a new computer.
 She said yes.
 But it worked and she felt better.
 Jen's husband was happy to see her.
 Kristen and Joey decided to go back to the city and have a better life.
 Ollie decided not to buy ice cream again.
 He decided to stick with his old cable provider.
 Tom eventually became a great pool table tennis player.
 Eventually, the snowman stopped being creepy.
 Millie was so happy with her new pet!
 After many years, he was able to open his own restaurant.
 I was so happy that I got to go trick or treating!
 Dave decided to take the prescribed medication and feel better.
 Luckily, the girls were able to get a refund.
 Chris woke up the next morning to find his neighbor had knocked on his door.
 Her dad was so proud of her, he almost cried!
 Jim decided to never buy soda again.
 So she decided not to talk to her friend.
 He gave me his phone number and I was able to contact him.
 Chris quit his job and became a cleaner.
 She couldn't wait to go back.
 Lawrence decided that the sun was the best thing to do.
 Greg had to go to the hospital to get his broken arm.
 Luckily, the store was closed so he could buy some milk.
 But it turns out it was just too cold.
 Kate sat in the snow and waited for her mom to come back.
 Together, they were able to make lots of friends.
 Jeff lost the weight and felt much better about himself.
 Flora's child ended up loving her.
 He had fallen asleep in my bed!
 Rocky was rushed to the hospital for his injuries.
 Tom decided to go home early.
 Tim was so happy that he'd finally met his mom!
 Bob was able to get his car back on the road again.
 He ended up throwing them all away.
 Georgina decided to keep the neck hole small.
 The boy was born with brain cancer, and his parents were very proud.
 Her daughter was very happy with her cake.
 John was able to do well in school.
 Then, he put the tools back in his closet.
 John got a free coffee.
 He had to buy a new one.
 Now Carlos can play the piano for his wife.
 Tom had a great time on his trip.
 Tina had to go home and change.
 I still think that my brother gave me that too.
 Walter had to clean up the mess.
 No one seemed to notice the leaves falling off.
 Dan laughed at his friend's reaction.
 Now I have to buy a new one because it's so expensive.
 She is now feeling much better.
 And he was able to pass the test with flying colors.
 Ed decided to make a budgeting decision.
 Geni hopes her husband will find a way to make ends meet.
 It was delicious.
 Tim was able to catch the biggest fish he had ever seen.
 Aiden was late to school.
 She was so upset that she broke up with Brad.
 Barney decided to never eat candy again.
 Tom was able to get a free drink.
 She had to clean up the spilled soda.
 Greg was very happy with his purchase.
 Bob said the GFR was too low.
 Alice had to go to the hospital to get it repaired.
 Agnes decided to become a vegetarian.
 Mina was able to dry her hair.
 The plane had landed safely!
 She decided to go to the store and buy a new one.
 I learned that I should never speak to my father again.
 The chainsaw was gone, and I had never seen it again.
 When the rain stopped, Liam and Owen rode scooters home.
 I was so scared that I ran away.
 Gloria was happy to have a dog who loved her so much!
 He had to go to the store and buy a new one.
 She told him it was just part of being a Browns fan.
 It was delicious!
 They took her to the park and she was never scared again.
 The band was very proud of him.
 The cat had been snacking on the couch.
 Now he speaks fluent Spanish.
 Kyle and Kim decided to split the money and move back to the US.
 Jason was released from the penitentiary.
 She went to the halloween and had a great time.
 Her kids thanked her profusely for helping them cool off.
 Tim was never bullied again.
 The bar owner yelled at him and kicked him out.
 He had to buy another one.
 Jerry was happy to be eating healthy.
 Reina was so happy to see him!
 Donna gave him the gifts and he loved them.
 When she was done she was able to write a history of science.
 The next day I went back to the SCUBA dive.
 Julian was able to recover from the back pains much quicker.
 He called his friend to pick him up.
 The dogs gobbled them up.
 Martin was so happy.
 It was a very special day for us all.
 Anna was proud of her cooking skills!
 May and Nic were very happy with their new home!
 Striker had to take a math class to learn how to read.
 By the end of the month, Kaya had four dogs!
 Al was fired from his job.
 Jacob's latest movie was a huge success and he was very happy.
 Instead she found her friends playing in a field and playing javelina.
 I realized that I needed to be more open about my life.
 Carl failed the test.
 Denis decided to never take his vintage car out of the garage again.
 Tom was able to have his voice heard.
 Ken was proud of himself.
 Suzy finally had her ipad.
 John was able to prank his roommate Jay again.
 She told me that she had seen a firework in the neighbor's yard.
 He went to the store and bought a new one.
 I had to go to the hospital to get stitches.
 Now my spaghetti sauce is perfectly safe.
 John cleaned up the smell with a vacuum cleaner.
 Eventually she gave up on her decision and moved in with me.
 She had to go home and change it.
 They were very happy.
 The kids loved it.
 My mother yelled at me for being so slow.
 Warren was arrested for reckless driving.
 Jessie's son was able to start playing basketball.
 I said Steve was too old to be a physicist.
 Tom was happy with his new car.
 Tim was kicked out of the game.
 Tom and Mary had a great trampoline day digging and playing.
 Justin's girlfriend was able to get the car fixed.
 Gabe was proud of his accomplishment.
 Kim ended up getting the job.
 They decided to go to the store and buy more chicken.
 Ana's family loved her homemade soup!
 Jim apologized and promised to be more careful.
 Ken was so happy with his purchase, he almost cried!
 Carl had to clean up the mess.
 Rory decided to change her shirt.
 Tom was happy that he went to the gym.
 I was happy to be free of all the responsibilities.
 Carrie was very happy with her new pet.
 Her mom gave her the earrings she wanted.
 So I took the cubicle to the park and had a great time.
 Mary was late to work.
 Ken had to buy another pair.
 Tom became a great chef.
 They had a great time.
 Luckily, she was able to catch up with her flight.
 When the waves stopped they were too fast for Andy and Judy to swim.
 The insurance company paid for my son's hospital bill.
 Tammy was never able to break up with him.
 Sarah and her sisters had a fun day at the pool.
 Anna's kids loved her fried food!
 She's now engaged to be married to a man she met online.
 Emma was so upset, she cancelled the party.
 My daughter loved the dress so much, she bought it.
 He found the jeans in the trash.
 We decided to go back and get more.
 Daisy was disappointed that she could not get a gift from him.
 The next morning she woke up and realized we had put them in her room.
 Within a year she had doubled her business!
 She had to go to the store to get a refund.
 Beth became more confident in herself.
 They had a great time.
 They decided to meet up again soon.
 The pie came out delicious.
 When she finally found it, it was laying in her front yard.
 Tim had to go to the store and get everything he needed.
 Liz texted back at him.
 My friends helped me solve the cube.
 She decided to wait until the next summer to open the windows again.
 They went outside and played in the rain.
 Nina's party was a huge success!
 Matt is very happy that he has improved his understanding of the brain.
 Luckily, she found a local thrift store and bought some.
 Ted now has a better idea for how to use his computer.
 Jane was able to save up enough money to buy her own clothes.
 Her coworkers loved the cookies and thanked her.
 He had to take the dog to the vet.
 Judy was very sad that she could not pray for her grandad.
 When I got there, I realized that I was not alone anymore.
 When she opened it up, it was the most beautiful piece of art she ever saw.
 We left the car and went home.
 He is a very happy turtle now.
 Ricky and Lucy went to the park together and had lunch together.
 It was my new favorite toy.
 She decided to give birth to a baby girl - and not a baby!
 Jill now owns her dream house.
 The barista called her name instead of hers.
 I put the armrest back on and went to sleep.
 Tom realized he had done a good job.
 Harry decided to buy the computer he wanted.
 Tintin was relieved to see his plane had landed safely.
 I had to go to the store and get a new one.
 Soon Ava was feeling much better!
 Laura decided to never let her boss bully her on social issues.
 Ben was excited to go to the event.
 The yard looked much better.
 The barbeque was a great success and the food was great.
 Gary went back to the old prison.
 Jen was okay but had a lot of fun.
 His son won the game.
 Jen was proud of her cooking skills.
 Tom never received the gift again.
 He had burned his tongue.
 John was sad that he would not be going to funerals.
 She decided to buy a new one.
 Jerry got a bat as a pet.
 He won first place.
 Tim had to pay a lot of money to get his car fixed.
 Lisa ate the bread and felt full.
 John decided to quit his day job and become a chef.
 My sister was very happy with the candy.
 Bo decided he would never drink beer again.
 She had to go to the hospital.
 Then he went to bed.
 He had been killed in the twin towers!
 The man left without saying a word to Maria.
 John chose the one that was best for him.
 Jeff had to pull over to fix his car.
 Michael was so proud of his handiwork.
 Eventually he calmed down and went home.
 Tom enjoyed his work more than his family.
 Courtney loved playing the trumpet.
 He told Bob that he had no plans to raise the grade.
 Roxy was able to hit the ball and it went in!
 Tim and his friends had a great time at the bar.
 She had to buy a new one.
 The tarsier was so large that she could barely see it.
 Ana was glad she had signed up for the SCUBA diving course!
 But then Sam came over and kissed her.
 She said yes and they went to the dance together.
 Chang decided to go to China instead.
 The lollipop fell on the ground.
 We had a great time at the event and had a great time.
 Jake had to go back to work.
 Toni gave the flowers to Grandma.
 Gary was able to make a good profit on his grid paper.
 The mechanic fixed the car and Mark was able to buy another one.
 Tom and the neighbors became fast friends.
 I had to take him to the hospital.
 The toaster worked great and Mary was very happy with it.
 Austin's team ended up winning the tournament.
 Now I have to buy a new lawn mower.
 I did not do well on the test.
 Amy was excited to go on her trip.
 John had a rare form of cancer called angina.
 Nikki and her mother moved in together.
 Tiffany regret buying the office chair.
 Madeline had forgotten to put the dough in the oven!
 He is now cancer free.
 The bat had scared her!
 She was furious and stormed out of the house.
 I've learned to be more aware of my mental health issues.
 The clerk gave her a fake ring for free and she left.
 Ana wished she'd listened to her parents more often!
 She had to stop wearing her earrings.
 The tank was empty.
 Josh majored in business.
 Tanya was able to get the soup out of the water.
 Paul decided not to take his son to school again.
 Abed was relieved to see that his desk was still damp.
 The woman said they had no gravel.
 Allie was so proud of herself.
 It was a reminder of the dangers of head-to-face photography.
 Within a few months, he had lost twenty pounds and felt great.
 Her mom was so proud of her handiwork!
 Randy and his son had a great time down by the river.
 The dog ate the sandwich.
 She was proud of herself for being so mature.
 John's friend agreed to meet him at the coffee shop.
 Chris was happy he had a crush on her.
 He had eaten all of the salsa!
 Matt was grounded for a week for stealing and selling stolen goods.
 John jumped out and rescued the boat.
 I never went back to that part of the show.
 He picked up the old grass and began to play with it.
 Tamara was so happy with her new sweater.
 They gave him a new one.
 Tom had a great time on his new bike ride.
 I enjoyed my friend's food and was happy to have him back to work.
 Fred was able to get his phone fixed.
 Billy had to clean up the mess with a vacuum cleaner.
 Tom had to order a different order.
 Tom's son ate the rest of his spoonful of banana food.
 He had never seen such a beautiful boat before.
 Jack had to send it back and replace it.
 John bought the Harley Davidson motorcycle.
 Jenny had to go home empty handed.
 Mona was happy to get sick.
 He was shocked when she told him that she already used deodorant.
 The manager gave him a free cheeseburger.
 Mike had to clean up the mess.
 Billy and his cat are now best friends.
 The ride was exhilarating and exhilarating.
 Austin was very happy with his gifts.
 Juniper decided she would just have to find a new boyfriend.
 Bala had a great time at the game with her friend Bala.
 He turned around to see Bill waving to the other driver.
 Susie screamed and ran out of the house.
 She was so excited when she got her first dance class.
 Ken quit gambling and moved back home.
 Jose landed perfectly on his back and won the race.
 Carl felt much better after watching the movie.
 The cop gave Sam a ticket.
 Alice was able to get rid of her smell.
 I immediately ran out of the room.
 The dog was no longer traumatized.
 We left the hotel and went home.
 Tom had to get a new cat.
 Jackie was so happy when she learned she could make a good watercolor.
 Eventually Tim had to shut down his business.
 We ended up voting for each other.
 Tom played the game and had a great time.
 Eventually he got it down to a manageable size.
 I decided to never go on a hot air balloon again.
 He was able to organize his thoughts.
 I made it to school on time.
 Now, Deb and her child are best friends.
 Terry and Mark had a great time catching fish that day.
 He realized he had been drinking too much beer.
 Dale decided he would never try to climb a roof again.
 He was able to get his hearing back.
 Tom was able to get over it.
 It went in and she was so happy.
 Now, Marge doesn't get along with a coworker.
 Mike was so happy to hear that Barney was losing weight.
 My son in law was disappointed.
 Vicky is very happy with her decision to be prom queen.
 He decided to just throw it out.
 I had to call my friend to pick me up.
 Dave bought the computer and was very happy.
 Susy had to take the test again.
 Agnes never used birth control again.
 Now I have more time to do my work.
 He was arrested by the police.
 Tom cut his hair short.
 Ava cried with joy when she saw how good her new carving was!
 Julia was very happy with her decision to stay in Australia.
 Bill felt much better after eating healthier food.
 Her husband was so happy to see her smile as she hugged him.
 Laura felt like she had made a difference in the world.
 Robert learned to never do his homework online again.
 Jack decided to buy the rope from the store and was very happy with it.
 The landlord fixed the dryer and Tom was happy.
 The teacher gave Sally a zero on the assignment.
 It was the best hot dog he had ever had.
 They had a great time at the game and had a great time!
 I left the store with two new pairs of clips.
 So my nephew decided not to leave her alone anymore.
 He told me he'd never seen one before.
 I realized that I needed to be more open about my gifts.
 He had to go to the hospital to treat his injuries.
 Tom happily accepted.
 By the end of the season Beth had improved drastically.
 In the end, I got the part and was very proud of myself.
 She had a great time at the dance.
 Randy drank the beer and then went home.
 It was the best meal I ever had.
 Soon the two were sleeping peacefully together.
 Tom had a lot of fun.
 Daniel was so embarrassed that he never practiced again.
 Ted's plan worked and he made a lot of money.
 Sara was very sad that she had to wait so long.
 Nona was so happy, she almost cried!
 Tabitha had accidentally burned the cake.
 Tom got an F on it.
 Dora had never seen such a spectacular sight before.
 Jenny decided she would never have plastic surgery again.
 Robbie told Charlie that it was the toy he broke out of anger.
 John ended up throwing away all of his candy and trick and treating.
 He had overslept and was late for work.
 Jack and his girlfriend had a great time at the amusement park.
 He said yes and we started dating.
 It was surprisingly pleasant.
 He lost a lot of money and was very sad.
 He broke his arm.
 My cats were no longer bored and seemed much happier.
 Finally, he got his car and it was perfect!
 She was so excited when she saw the results of her first dive!
 The bird flew away and they never saw it again.
 He decided to go home early.
 Rick drove his new sports car to the test drive.
 His son had fallen asleep in the car.
 I had to cancel my son's speech.
 I bought it and drove it home.
 She went to the store to buy a new alarm.
 The mailman had to pick me up.
 The girls pretended to drink the same tea as before.
 We found her and took her home, and she is now our best friend.
 When they were done, they hung them on the tree.
 Peter had to get the dog out of the house.
 Tim decided to ask her out and she said yes.
 Aya and Jim were very grateful for the money.
 She ran as fast as she could and made it to shore safely.
 Ronny was able to watch his favorite shows on netflix.
 Justin and his family were very happy.
 Beth bought new socks at the store.
 Ryan ended up getting the job.
 I drank the water.
 He decided to keep wearing it.
 Keith and his buddies had a great time at the store-bought pizza!
 John and the woman went to the meet up and had a great time.
 Lori was relieved when her boyfriend told her that he had found the baby.
 Tom had a great time at the party.
 I said no.
 Dean's parents grounded him for a month.
 She vowed to never again be so careless with her medicine!
 John was upset that he could not attend the rally.
 Susie was so happy.
 He found one that charged him a lot more.
 They told me they would send me a uniform soon.
 It was the best pogo stick she had ever owned.
 Susie was very upset.
 I walked back into my room and went to sleep.
 He was able to do so.
 Wade and the woman are now engaged.
 Ava was so embarrassed that her dad had to clean her up.
 She was glad she made friends.
 He was finally able to get a job after months of waiting.
 I decided to run from them.
 Kate had forgotten to put the clothes in the dryer.
 He was very happy.
 Ada and Jose are now happily planning their future plans.
 Tim was so excited, he almost jumped for joy!
 Tom never heard back.
 Tina was very sad.
 Kitty ran back to the gym and began working out again.
 John became a computer programmer.
 They are now best friends.
 I fell asleep on Friday nights.
 Eventually he was kicked out of the bar.
 Fred was happy to have his piano back.
 Corey felt good about his decision to volunteer at the school.
 Mona's mother was very happy with the movie.
 Luckily, her grandfather caught her and she was very happy.
 The next year, Nala donated her hair to the cancer charity!
 The squirrel ate all of the peanuts in the house.
 Rick decided to never eat fast food again.
 John was happy to have made a difference in the world.
 He had to call for help.
 Susie had to pack everything in one trip.
 Jason went to the wedding and bought a suit.
 He was so excited when he saw his name on the list!
 Jessica was able to pay her rent on time.
 It worked and the date went well.
 He laughed at me.
 Ginny was so happy with her fresh vegetables!
 The application was denied.
 He had to go to the hospital but luckily he was okay.
 It was a fun day for all of us.
 Her sister didn't listen to her.
 Tom became a much better man.
 Tina had to send it back and get a refund.
 Dan is very happy that he has something to tell about time travel.
 It was a gold ring!
 Tina never went to the concert again.
 The Jones' were very thankful for their help.
 The manager was impressed with Tracy's hard work.
 She told me that she had no interest in them.
 It was a fun way to remember the past.
 They both got suspended.
 Miley had to sit out the rest of the game.
 Chris ate the sandwich happily.
 She left him a note thanking him for his kindness.
 It was a sight to behold.
 Lorelai called 911 immediately.
 He decided to buy a new Nintendo 3DS instead.
 I was able to get rid of all the stuff that was in the house.
 Heather decided she would have to cook her own Thanksgiving dinner.
 Rick was happy to have a cheap helmet.
 She was able to get him a band-aid so he could get better.
 Tom made a lot of money.
 Finally, he was able to make it to the game on time.
 They helped him get over his depression.
 Franklin gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
 He was able to keep track of his appointments.
 Eventually he was able to get home safely.
 I called the police and they came and took him away.
 Tom never got it.
 I had to buy a new hampers the next day.
 John bought cereal and fruit snacks for his family.
 The pizza came out great and Jamie was happy.
 We went to the store and bought the boots.
 Tim was able to get another job.
 Alice was glad she went to the movie theater.
 He did well on the test.
 It was a waste of money.
 Aya was so happy, she almost cried!
 He bought a new one and was very happy.
 Ben apologized and promised to do better in the future.
 He looked and saw they were covered in mud and debris.
 The paper helped my son tremendously.
 Jim was able to make his way back home safely.
 He loved it so much he decided to do it again.
 He was able to get braces for a long time.
 I decided to just give it a shot and see if it made me feel better.
 Now Bob lives in Tompkinsburg, TN.
 The vet gave the dog antibiotics to help it heal.
 He had a great time at the World Series!
 John ended up getting the job and eventually became a Navy Seal.
 I told him I would never speak to him again.
 Kevin decided to watch something else instead.
 I called Amazon and got a refund.
 He felt much better.
 Suzanne's family was very happy.
 Tom never slept with Tina again.
 It was the best solo Jean had ever made.
 Raimy was able to buy the car he wanted.
 Anna was so happy to finally be able to run again!
 Tom loved it.
 Lynn was able to get her internet service back on as soon as possible.
 Now Jameson has a clean, happy home.
 He was so relieved when he got the job.
 The manager gave him a free drink.
 Burt and all his friends had a great day down the river.
 Tom had a great time at the party.
 Now they are my best friends.
 John was very impressed with the delicious cappuccino.
 It was the best Christmas tree I've ever seen.
 We left the hotel feeling good about ourselves.
 I took them out and put them in a vase.
 He found the cheapest one and took it.
 So I had to go to the store and buy some.
 Hank was happy that he had finally quit his old job.
 Paul was happy that he had tried out for the musical school.
 Matt moved to Colorado and started his own snowboarding company.
 Now Helen only eats the dried fruit so Geney can eat more.
 She bought it.
 Chris loved learning new cultures.
 John fell flat on his face and broke his nose.
 She died a few hours later.
 Susan and her coworker became best friends.
 However, I soon realized they were worth more than I expected.
 Amber had a great time at the concert.
 Allie then had to throw it out.
 Casey had to spend the rest of the day in the hospital.
 Keith is now trying to convince others to do the same.
 Eventually Tim's girlfriend agreed to watch the movie with him.
 The door was already locked.
 The cops were able to get the car back.
 Tom replaced it with a new one.
 It was delicious!
 Kevin bought ground beef.
 He missed his appointment.
 She had to pay a lot of money to get rid of the flowers.
 He called the fire department and waited for them to arrive.
 Sam made the soup and it was delicious!
 Nina was relieved to have done her routine blood tests.
 I gave the kids their favorite flavor, root beer, for free.
 We had a great time together and had a great time.
 It was a great way to show off our collectibles.
 Terry got to watch the game on his television.
 Steve failed his quiz.
 It was a dinosaur fossil, but it was a man's best friend.
 When I opened it, it was a pony with a pony tail.
 It was the best ride ever.
 She poured the wine on the flute and it was sparkling.
 Eddie had to call his friends to pick him up.
 It was the first time I ever played a guitar.
 I guess I'll have to find a new sport.
 He went home and bought the clothes.
 Vince had to clean up the mess.
 Mia was too embarrassed to ask him to leave.
 Alex decided to keep the bird as a pet.
 The deer ran away.
 They had a great time and had a great time.
 He found it in the pages of a book called The History of England!
 I had to throw it out.
 His secretary had to take him to the store to get his underwear back.
 I had to go to the store to buy more.
 I bought gas and went home.
 I had to buy a new one.
 He bought the figurines and went home.
 She was so excited to have four kids.
 My brother laughed at me and walked away.
 Mac won the $50,000 jackpot!
 He never liked his new name.
 We were able to get her to leave without incident.
 He told me that he was just visiting his friend.
 Alicia ended up sick for days.
 Tom was arrested and had to go to jail.
 It was hard, but we all agreed it was a good thing.
 The leader told the girl to get out of the house.
 Joy decided to take her test the next day instead.
 Luckily, my boss was kind enough to fire me.
 She was so relieved when Tommy finally hugged her tightly!
 Dan got an A on his test.
 John's team won the championship.
 His stomach was full and he felt better.
 It was too late and he spilled it all over his shirt.
 His brother loved it.
 He said he would like to see us again.
 By the time the power came back on, the power was back on.
 Terry was happy that he had bought the piazza.
 Sam was amazed at how good his new shoes looked.
 Tom became friends with that friend.
 Emma and her mom went to the parade and had a blast!
 Alicia was so happy she almost cried!
 Now Natalie is a professional surfer and surfers best friends.
 Her boss told her she was promoted and she was happy.
 She ended up having a lot of fun.
 John failed the test.
 Her friends were so impressed with Sharon's cooking skills, they invited her!
 She had to have it replaced.
 I had to go to the hospital to get it treated.
 Blair was happy to have a clean rug.
 They both had a wonderful time at the restaurant together.
 I joined another forum to learn more about wrestling.
 Chris decided he would never go back to that restaurant again.
 Tina was able to bake the cupcakes for her class.
 He was able to save up enough money to buy himself a house.
 Tom apologized and gave his friend his glasses.
 John was happy to have some salsa in his home.
 I told him to get out of my house and not fight me.
 Eventually Tom was able to get it home.
 Jake was rushed to the hospital and treated for a blood clot.
 Dana was fired from her job.
 Tim was disappointed.
 She had to go on a diet and lose weight.
 Aaron's mother bought him ice cream.
 Tom had to get rid of them.
 He quit his job and moved back home.
 Alex ended up becoming a successful lawyer and a successful lawyer.
 Jack and Fluffy are now best friends.
 Bob and Lisa were soaked by the time the game was over.
 Tim was able to get his money back.
 I bought new boots and felt great about myself.
 Tim never wore them again.
 They were able to put out the fire and save the house.
 Sam had a great time trick or treating at the town fair.
 Kurt ended up winning the race.
 Shaun's wife surprised him with a surprise birthday party.
 The supervisor gave me a warning.
 She was happy with the way things were shaping up.
 The friend apologized and gave him another chance.
 He had to go home and change.
 Timmy's Mom brought his fish back to his room.
 Emily never drank grape juice again.
 The table fell on the floor and onto the floor.
 Eventually the flight attendants helped the baby get home.
 She decided to keep it anyway.
 Fred and his girlfriend had to go back home.
 Bob accepted the student's offer.
 Tim moved out and never went back.
 Chad was grounded for a month.
 Tom bought the lizard.
 Tom decided to buy a new one.
 Now my bed is ready to be made.
 Ella didn't know what to do with her life.
 It was the best chocolate I've ever had.
 Ralph had forgotten to put the keys in his car.
 He was so happy when he saw he made the team!
 It was one of the best days of my life.
 Aya and her boyfriend decided not to try the sushi restaurant again.
 I learned to swim.
 The Dentist told Bob that he had no idea what to do about it.
 I realized I should have listened to my boss.
 It was the best Christmas present I've ever received.
 Brad's crush was happy that his team won the bowl.
 Finally Lily was able to fall asleep.
 Alex was sad that he had to spend so much money on a new game.
 Wendy had to call a repairman to fix the tire.
 He dumped her.
 His wife came home and they had a fight.
 Tom never bought frozen pops again.
 They had a great time at the game!
 Jess went back to the garage sale.
 Tom was able to type in Chinese.
 John was so disappointed that he didn't win the talent show.
 Tom made a lot of money.
 It was a great documentary.
 Nina had to cancel the party.
 She told him it was nothing serious.
 He moved out and bought a house in the middle of nowhere.
 She was relieved that it was over.
 Eventually he was fired.
 Jennifer had a great time on her first dive.
 Tom's car looked much better.
 She ended up giving the song a standing ovation.
 She told me that her dream was just to be with her friends.
 When she opened the refrigerator, she found her phone.
 When she was done, she named her sister Molly.
 Tim was banned from twitter for a week.
 K had a great time at the prom.
 No one ever found the roaches again.
 He opened the door and we were able to get our pizza.
 Charlie had to go to the vet and get his claws fixed.
 She said it was the best movie ever.
 He had to go to the hospital.
 She told me that she would miss her grandfather a lot.
 Billy had a great time playing in the sea-saw.
 Katie was heartbroken.
 The car was towed back to the car.
 Mabel was so embarrassed she didn't speak to her neighbors for a week.
 The next season, Jonathan was the starting goalie.
 He had to find a new job.
 Tom won first place!
 The doctor told me to be patient and not to worry.
 It was a great way to learn about government.
 When we got home, we were exhausted.
 I bought the blue headband and went home.
 I was able to get the CD back the next day.
 Jack bought a brand new TV instead.
 He was so disappointed that he left the casino empty handed.
 They were very happy with the answers.
 He hurt his ankle badly.
 So I decided to make my own granola bars instead.
 Bill made the shot.
 I am glad that I didn't have to deal with her anymore.
 Paul was so disappointed he never played pool again.
 The play was a success and the class was proud of their work.
 Eventually, he agreed to stop eating fried foods.
 He quit skiing and became a professional skier.
 The man thanked her and walked away.
 Laura was relieved to see that the ground was not shaking anymore.
 Sam won the game by twenty points.
 She said yes.
 It was much easier to find.
 Logan's dog had been trampled to death.
 Then she saw her mother sitting on the porch talking on the phone.
 Susy was so upset.
 When she won the election, she became the first woman president of her country.
 The next morning, Mark woke up to the sound of his doorbell.
 He decided to watch more movies with her.
 The Johnson family decided they would come back again next year.
 I called the police and they came and rescued him.
 Larry had to sit out the rest of the season.
 Ali's mother is so upset, she dumps her on social media.
 Pat deleted the photo and went home.
 The rice cooker was ruined.
 Bill bought the yacht and was very happy.
 He had to buy a new phone.
 Jake threw the cereal into the trash.
 Cora found the perfect dress for Maya.
 Susy had a great time at the fair.
 Ana was so happy she almost cried!
 She was able to make some friends in her neighborhood.
 She became a great martial arts master.
 Howard went home early.
 The dog jumped out of the door.
 She was so scared, she ran away screaming.
 Jill was so happy with her dress!
 She was able to use the library's catalog system.
 He said he was afraid of cats.
 Kate left the store empty-handed.
 We decided to adopt a black lab.
 When I got home, my house was clean and shiny.
 Martin chased after the kid.
 My son ended up eating the small burger.
 He had to move it out.
 Mac was able to buy the chicken and eat it for dinner.
 Jessica was very happy.
 Monica was so happy to have her dog back.
 Tara is now the prettiest girl in school.
 It was the same hat he wore the night before.
 But he ended up beating Frank by 20 points.
 Tom had to find a new job.
 They were able to get her a new cell phone.
 I was able to pay off my credit card bill.
 He was so happy to hear it on the radio.
 The boys were proud of their accomplishment.
 Carl's dog was able to catch up with him.
 His classmates were all very friendly and friendly!
 Keith looked around and saw his parents' gravesite.
 He quit smoking within a few months.
 Tom had to throw it out.
 Tom noticed his wrinkles disappear.
 Ana had to buy a new popcorn maker to replace the burnt popcorn.
 Emily had a great time at the zoo.
 They broke up soon after.
 Tony got fired.
 The herb garden became Katherine's favorite hobby.
 However, we were sad when it was over.
 Eventually, I gave up and bought another dog.
 They were so tiny they could barely walk!
 Kane and his friends had a great time at the party!
 Tim had to go home early that day.
 The man thanked her profusely.
 He handed me the packages and thanked me.
 Tom bought them and his eyes felt much better.
 Janes was so proud of her cat.
 Tim decided he would never go back to Starbucks again.
 He was so happy with his new tattoo.
 I met her at a campaign event, and we became best friends.
 Now Vinny is the best dancer in the wedding.
 It was the best honeymoon they had ever had.
 But after a few hours, he agreed to go with his dad.
 Samantha was able to get a date with the guy she wanted.
 It was the best food he'd ever had!
 Parker is so happy that he has a crush on Mary.
 Tom had to get them replaced.
 Susie was relieved when it was over.
 Lucy was so happy to see her shop opening up.
 They found a nice restaurant and had a good time.
 Jane decided not to dye her hair again.
 So she said she would propose right away.
 The brown car was totaled.
 Fred decided to stop drinking alcohol and start dating again.
 The doorbell rang again and answered.
 Luckily, I was able to get it out before it flooded.
 The smith family had to take the dog to the vet.
 Luckily, Louis and Jenny were able to get back on the bike.
 He drives him home.
 Alan was excited to be helping his nephew.
 The kid was happy to have a new watch.
 Luckily she was able to get away safely.
 I fell in love with him the next day.
 Tom became a professional basketball player.
 Luckily, he said she was having a healthy baby.
 Sara and Tom became good friends.
 They had a wonderful time that weekend.
 He got the job.
 Ana was determined to save the money so she could buy a house.
 Kami was relieved to find her hamster in the closet!
 Henry was very happy with his new toy.
 Luckily, her friend was able to help her get her stuff back.
 Carla ate her lunch at home.
 Unfortunately it was too late.
 She was able to fix her problem and save a lot of money.
 Jimmy looked up and saw a raccoon hopping on his porch.
 Joe had to have surgery to remove the embolism.
 Emily bought the new brush.
 When it was over I went home and warmed up.
 I learned that I was wrong about political teachers.
 Allie then realized she was having too much fun.
 Tim was able to keep his energy level throughout the day.
 Ken had to call for help.
 I drank the sodas in the halloween.
 Now she lives in California and is very happy.
 She was so excited when they arrived.
 She was so happy when we got off the leash.
 Then she put it up again.
 He bought it and was very happy with it.
 I got an A on the test.
 Janie's sister was very upset.
 He said he was very proud of her.
 The audience clapped and clapped for Lisa.
 Mary was able to get on the train to her destination.
 Carl ended up burning his bacon.
 Tom won the case.
 She decided to buy a ticket to the next casino.
 Abby ended up winning a lot of money from the charity.
 Eugene decided to keep her home.
 They were able to successfully make the game console.
 The Grand Canyon is now closed to the public.
 Greg decided to stick with what he ate.
 He no longer had to be so judgmental.
 Sara's mom made her a pumpkin for Halloween.
 James was able to sleep soundly the rest of the night.
 The next day, she went back to the sporting goods store.
 Nia was so proud of herself!
 When I was five, my dad took me to the zoo to see him.
 She was able to open up her business on Monday.
 But after a few years, Ani was able to get her own place and start her own business.
 I finally found them in the bushes.
 Barry was able to use the hole in the window opening.
 I was able to get my car back on time.
 Tara's dog loved the warm weather.
 Yvette realized she had forgotten to add the milk.
 She broke up with him the next day and he never spoke again.
 Tom never tried smoking again.
 Tyson had to go to the hospital.
 I sold the stock and now my business is very strong.
 The girl at school liked John's music so much she asked him to join her.
 Cindy was able to successfully cut her cable bill.
 Tim decided to never forget to put away leftovers again.
 Tom was forced to quit his job.
 She was very friendly and helped us find our team.
 Jim and Ethan had a great time at the ball game.
 He quit his old job and became a much happier one.
 Jake had to be taken to the hospital.
 Tom left the dive bar and went home.
 Tom did very well at the competition.
 Her dog had eaten the sandwich.
 Luckily, Aya was able to get through the screening and get her visa!
 He won the election and became the new Senator.
 We decided to do it again next year.
 He found it in the field.
 Tom's home became the most popular redecoration in town.
 He never watched a vampire movie again.
 Luckily, she was able to fix it up quickly.
 After a long run, we were back to normal.
 Eventually she was able to get up and go to work.
 She died of a heart attack three years later.
 So she decided not to go to college.
 The next day, the teacher reprimanded Owen for disobeying.
 Alan was relieved that the squirrel was no longer sneezing.
 The slugger hit a homerun.
 The judge granted Phil's request for custody.
 Thankfully I was able to get through it.
 The Bills lost the game by 20 points.
 He decided to go to sleep instead.
 Steve decided he didn't like the game after all.
 There, we were reunited with our family.
 She decided to buy some.
 The dog was starting to look like a new person!
 So her friend had to take her to the hospital.
 The security camera caught Lisa's actions and she was fired.
 After meditating for a while she felt much better.
 The stranger gave John a map and he was able to get to his destination.
 The bus driver had to pull him over and give him a ride home.
 She named her Polly.
 Ricky ate the steak and was very satisfied.
 Casey hit a homerun and won the game for his team!
 The tomato sauce made Dave sick to his stomach.
 Dave and his dad had a great time catching fish that day.
 He was able to get a better price for his car.
 Jane and the young woman became best friends.
 They got married and lived happily ever after.
 Wesley was very disappointed.
 He went to boarding school and became a successful lawyer.
 The bear was nowhere to be found.
 She had to retake the class.
 The next year, the festival was free and open to the public!
 Jim's parents had to take him to the hospital for his injuries.
 Laura was able to get food stamps.
 They won the gold medal.
 Tommy was never being mean again.
 She was able to get rid of the spider easily.
 Jamie decided to name all 4 rabbits Snow Fluffy.
 She decided to go to sleep instead.
 It was the best cranberry sauce she had ever tasted.
 Heather and her husband watched the movie together.
 The baby stopped crying after that.
 Alan brought his son's backpack to school.
 She decided to just go home and sleep instead.
 I went back to bed.
 Beth became a great cheerleader.
 After that, he never complained of arm pain again.
 I decided to buy some and start over.
 Debbie won first place and was very proud of herself.
 We ended up having a lot of fun with our friends.
 Jane went home disappointed.
 Marie was so happy with her purchase that she cried.
 She ended up splashing water all over her son.
 Laney and her new home are very happy with their decision.
 We found the boy and he was okay.
 Tanya had a great time at the race and had a great time.
 Tom was disappointed.
 It was so good that he listened to it many times.
 Cali decided to get her driver's license instead of risk it.
 Jenny decided to keep it and make it her home.
 Chris won the game for his team!
 When I got home, I went to bed.
 The judge said that John had won the contest.
 She ended up winning the game!
 We had to wait another three days before we got the truck back.
 Nina was disappointed, but she knew she had to find a new job.
 Bob agreed to go out with her.
 The worker told him to stop.
 Tom had to throw it out.
 My niece was very disappointed.
 Kyle's team won the game by 20 points.
 His brother loved the picture.
 Oliver decided to clean up his room more often.
 Kyle found a new roommate.
 He bought the car and drove it home.
 I told him I was not interested in his business.
 They were excited to be moving to their new home.
 So she had to go find it online.
 The counteroff was very nice and we were very happy with it.
 Now I have a clean, glittery wall.
 He was able to cool off in the winter.
 My niece was not pleased.
 So I decided to start a diet and it worked.
 She said she would never forgive me.
 Tara was able to cast her vote for president.
 She told me that she had already done it for work.
 Eventually Maxine became the first female astronaut.
 Tom had to pay a lot of money to fix it.
 I realized that I should have listened to my parents.
 His boss fired him.
 Mickey decided to stop liking the webcomics.
 I took them home and they were my best of friends.
 Marty broke his arm.
 Tom got the ticket and had to pay.
 We are excited to see the new movie.
 Finally, the power came back on.
 I had to go to the hospital.
 Anna said yes.
 She was so happy when she saw the land mark again.
 Tim had to buy a new one.
 Sasha's boyfriend had to call the police and the fire department.
 He was able to improve his reading abilities.
 Buddy decided to never play pickup basketball again.
 Ray bought a new valve.
 Jessica and Mark were very thankful for their hard work.
 I put the candle away and went to sleep.
 Sam won the race.
 They helped him out a lot.
 The evacuation order was issued and the flooding is under control.
 Ana was relieved to have her name on the telemarketer's list.
 Sammi laughed and told Joe that she was just being silly.
 The dress was ruined.
 Kelly was so pleased with her new concoction!
 Mitchell went back to bed.
 Tom painted his house.
 Tommy's family had a great time at the party.
 The girl decided to start her own poetry collection.
 Marry ended up joining the team.
 Tim was never heard from again.
 He called for help and waited.
 Ed's eggs turned out to be the most delicious he'd ever tasted!
 He told her he was going to come pick her up and take her home.
 But when she got home, she realized she had no baubles.
 She had to throw it out.
 Liz was relieved that it was just an owl.
 Ashley and her friend had a great time at the concert.
 Tom was happy with his new car.
 Allie was devastated.
 Felicity was fired from her job.
 Ronald and his secretary enjoyed their coffee together.
 I left the gas station empty handed.
 Danny had to buy a new one.
 Tom was able to get the best headphones he could.
 Tom had fun playing in the snow.
 Her sister helped her with the homework and Natalie was happy.
 Anna was so happy to finally be a mom!
 Ken was relieved that he'd be able to get away with it.
 Ken was happy to be helping others.
 Soon, he had gained enough weight to be healthy again!
 It was delicious.
 Kim and Brian had a great time at the tasting event.
 Josh got an A on his test.
 The cat became Tim's new pet.
 It was so tasty, he decided to go again!
 Kate was so happy to have a spare table!
 Jimmy went back to the market and bought more oranges.
 Now they play in the park together every day.
 He had to go to the hospital to get better.
 I realized I had been eating too much.
 Jim was able to cool his house down.
 Jana lost the race.
 The thief shot at him and stole his watch.
 The Zodiac Zodiac was a great experience for Beth.
 He decided to move out and start over.
 He bought the painting and put it on his wall.
 Then we started laughing at each other.
 His friend was able to calm him down.
 Sonya's neighbor came over and helped her out.
 She realized she had won the gold medal.
 His dad had found Joey's body in the woods.
 Tom was very satisfied with his meal.
 Allie and her friends had fun.
 They had a great time at the theater!
 Annika is very happy that she found a play spot.
 Gary's boss was impressed with Gary's work and gave him a bonus.
 I told him it was because of the pain.
 Tom became famous as a juggler.
 Sarah fired again and successfully hit the target.
 John was able to attend the reunion.
 Joan went back home and paid for the bananas.
 She decided to go to the park on her own.
 Rob was arrested and charged with first degree murder.
 His brother didn't understand what they were talking about.
 Oliver's area became much more arid due to the storm.
 Ana and her dad had a great time hunting goose that day!
 John decided to give the guy his money back.
 By the time she was 18, she had control over her anger.
 She then had to go back home.
 He hacked into Sony's computer and stole all of Sony's files.
 The teacher told me that Gulliver lived in England.
 Jax went to the bank and was able to buy a used car.
 She said yes and John was very happy.
 Cory had to clean up all the spilled glass.
 Michael had to get a tetanus shot.
 Dina bought the shirt.
 I had to call the carpet company to get it fixed.
 Jim won the game.
 Susy ended up losing a lot of money.
 Tom was relieved and thanked them.
 She had to throw them out and start over again.
 She decided to write a poem about her childhood in England.
 John was so relieved that he didn't have to go back home.
 The children loved the song.
 I had to have surgery on my wrist.
 The vet had to take her to the vet for treatment.
 She got the job.
 He couldn't wait to go back.
 I woke up in the morning and fell asleep.
 Keith had to get a new car.
 Tom decided to try some new ones and was very happy.
 Mary decided to keep the clock as a reminder of that day.
 The curry was so good that she decided to never eat curry again.
 Jeff had to cancel his flight.
 Dan was relieved to hear his neighbors complain about the noise.
 The room looked like it was made of glass.
 She had to wait another day.
 She was so happy when she was offered a full-time job as librarian!
 Amelia bought the dress anyway.
 Josh was able to finish the paper.
 Tom's son became a successful cartoon artist.
 Kona and his grandparents had a great time on their vacation.
 Sue had to buy a new one.
 He decided not to ask Alicia again.
 When she gets to the college, she is very excited.
 Tom decided to never shop there again.
 My boss fired me for being late to the office.
 She was happy to receive her new formula.
 Cammie was so relieved!
 My mother yelled at the dogs and they ran away.
 He delivered the speech and got a standing ovation.
 His girlfriend was not happy about that.
 Tom had a great time at the carnival.
 Billy made the team!
 May was relieved when Toni confessed that she had done it!
 Soon she was able to quit her drug addiction!
 They had a wonderful time snorkeling in the Caribbean.
 His friend was very appreciative.
 Annika and Amelie had a great time at the zoo together.
 There, she found him sleeping soundly.
 He bought it and was very happy.
 Gabriel's friend gave him a tetanus shot.
 Alex decided to quit his job and go back to school.
 John installed Windows on his new computer.
 Gary had a great time at the zoo and was glad he went.
 Aunt Denise realized that she had to take care of his leg.
 The old man thanked John for his kindness.
 Joe is feeling better.
 Jeff decided to wear a hat for the rest of the year.
 Tim was arrested for drunk driving.
 Tim now lives in fear of tornadoes.
 Jeff had to go home early.
 Allie was so upset.
 Tom had to buy a new charger.
 It took him over a month to get used to it.
 Ann was so touched by her mother's words and knew she had made the right choice.
 Tina had to take the test again the next day.
 So she had to buy a new one.
 Tom was very disappointed.
 Tim had to go to a salon and get a wig.
 He said he was a dinosaur lover.
 The oil was leaking and Tom had to stop and fix it.
 Alicia was happy to finally have some ice cream.
 She decided to adopt her mom, and they became best friends.
 The dog had to be put down.
 Now he has a lawn mower that he can look after.
 He wound up with a bitter tasting tea.
 Timothy realized that he was bald.
 I told her I'd read it when I was a child.
 She told him it was just a prank and he would never do it again.
 Tim was able to keep the trash out of the neighborhood.
 Luckily, his son did not get hurt.
 Kate had to go home and change.
 He decided to just leave her alone.
 We decided to keep the bag on the floor.
 Chris had to throw them out.
 The man became famous because of his matted fur.
 The next day, Don received a phone call from a homeless man asking him to set him up.
 They talked for hours.
 Tom was able to secure a job.
 Suzy and her uncle had a great time fishing.
 John was able to get the bolts off the tire on his phone.
 She performed it and won the talent show.
 Tom never drank beer again.
 They decided to go out and have a pool party instead!
 Derrick got a call that he was hired.
 Amy was able to get clean for good.
 Soon, John and his neighbor were best friends!
 They both had a great time at the meteor shower.
 Tom wound up liking the jacket even more.
 Connor was very happy with his choice.
 He bought them and was very happy with his purchase.
 Now I have a clean, functional computer.
 Harry bought the stainless steel appliances.
 They all enjoyed eating at the restaurant.
 Susie then had to cancel the trip.
 It was the best he had ever eaten!
 Kay decided to let her baby be quiet throughout the day.
 Kia and her daughter were very happy to finally be a family!
 Terry was able to buy the phone.
 But then she got the part.
 Nick decided to give up his dream of a car.
 Tom decided to leave.
 Sue now drinks wine every day and feels much better.
 The manager told Abe to get more focused.
 He got tardiness.
 She told him they were just cookies and not to worry about it.
 I never saw the snake again.
 She had to go to the store to get it fixed.
 Jonah and his dog had a fun day at the park.
 They both had a great time at the concert!
 Danny's dog no longer cried in pain.
 Kya's family loved her dish!
 Kay was happy to see the farm again.
 His friend admitted that he cheated.
 Carrie had to rake the leaves.
 It was delicious!
 I will call her tomorrow to tell her what happened.
 But she ended up making a lot of money.
 The next day, we all sang The Sound of Music at a concert.
 Isobel and her grandma had a great time at the Halloween party!
 Tim was grounded for a month.
 John bought a new laundry basket.
 Agnes was able to shop for herself and make new friends.
 Tim sold the house and made a lot of money.
 Bill decided to sell the house and move back in.
 Lars broke his ankle.
 I called my daughter and told her I had found the book.
 They said it was the best they ever had.
 Jimmy's mom yelled at him and he ran away.
 He left the hotel and went home.
 The gold was nowhere to be found and he had no money.
 I realized I had fallen asleep on the couch.
 Giselle vowed never to be so reckless again.
 The boy decided to keep the dog.
 Inside was a bunch of shirts with different sizes.
 Kim decided to never gamble again!
 With the help of the melatonin, Rick was able to fall asleep!
 We decided to stay in the Bahamas for a year.
 Victoria is happy with her new style.
 Peter was so proud of his accomplishment.
 They were delicious!
 He had a great time at his party.
 Don was able to keep his old job.
 Bonnie and her sister went home with the kitten.
 She gave me a list of what she wanted for Christmas.
 Afterwards, we went home.
 She said she was proud of herself.
 Luckily, Brian found it in the locker room and won it for his team.
 He found a map of the surrounding area and was very happy.
 Terry screamed and ran out of the room.
 Now we have a huge collection of comic books.
 Tom was happy with his shaved body.
 Adam's father was very proud of him.
 But to his surprise, they all had a great time!
 Suzie and her mom went home.
 He was so grateful and thanked me.
 She bought the airbag from the dealer.
 Luckily, they were able to help her out.
 They both agreed it was the best sandwich ever.
 He is now feeling better.
 Tom was able to complete the survey and receive a call back.
 We went home and cleaned up the droppings.
 Bia decided she would simply wait until she found the right tank!
 John never smoked again.
 So she had to get it done.
 I was so happy to find it so I bought it.
 Nicole got the job and became the head coach at the old school.
 Bill now has $70 on his health club bill.
 She gave me a copy of the form and I was able to copy it.
 I was able to get rid of the mold easily.
 Tom lost the tournament.
 My friend congratulated me.
 Ella told John that she did not like roast wine.
 My son was happy to receive the gift.
 The sturgeon ate the sturgeon.
 He was able to pass the course with flying colors.
 Renee and the kittens stayed at the hotel for two days.
 The band started playing again.
 I bought the drugstore pairs and left the salon.
 The girl thanked Kate for helping her out.
 Pete was happy to have his shower head fixed.
 Tina was heartbroken.
 Inside was a brand new video game console.
 Kevin was excited to start his new job.
 Cass was able to finish the project on time.
 He decided to give Chip a try.
 Kelly was able to cast her vote for her candidate.
 Her parents decided not to punish her for complaining.
 John was proud of his employee.
 Her mom bought her a new broom and she was able to clean her house.
 He then told me that he had just gotten a haircut.
 Alicia decided not to buy it.
 Galvin's sister was grounded for a month.
 Tom became a great swordsman.
 Melvin and his grandson had a great time on their helicopter ride.
 Teresa was glad she had decided to go to church.
 So she broke up with him.
 Jason and his partner had to find a new place to live.
 Tom never suffered from sunburn again.
 Rene was able to sleep much better.
 We were very sad to see him go.
 Walter and his son decided to keep the puzzle.
 After that, I never saw Pablo again.
 Fred ended up winning the argument.
 He said he had a lung disease.
 John won the bet!
 He got the lead role in the show.
 Steve got the car.
 Marco was very sad.
 At the end of the day, she made the squad.
 Unfortunately it got returned and Tom had to pay a big fine.
 Now he is the most popular man in the world.
 I ended up losing.
 She was so tired she fell asleep in the morning.
 Martha had a great day at work.
 Randy was embarrassed and went home.
 Tom had to go to the hospital.
 Tom had to go back to the store and get it fixed.
 Her hair was now green and shiny!
 Now Mark is an astronaut and his parents are proud of him.
 Kandi was glad that she had found the right place to spend her night!
 We left the table and went home.
 It was the best feeling I've ever had.
 Jim decided he would never eat habanero raw again.
 Tim was able to enjoy the movie.
 The light turned green and Tom drove off.
 But I regret buying them because they were too expensive.
 After that I felt much better.
 John was grounded for two weeks for stealing from the store.
 She texted him back that he texted her the wrong class.
 Tim was never able to get over his blind date.
 Tom broke up with her.
 Lisa had forgotten to turn on the oven.
 After the meeting, I was able to apply for the university.
 When I was done, the house looked much better.
 We were very happy to see them.
 The pencils were all gone.
 So he decided to never go to Six Flags again.
 Tom loved the coconut oil and his fair skin.
 Jim's grandfather passed away a few weeks later.
 Jim's wife loved the earrings.
 B laughed at the accusations and ran for president.
 In a few short years, Jen had become the most popular girl in town.
 Tom finally found the kitten and took it home.
 He bought many types of fruits and veggies.
 He told me that he had no choice but to fire me.
 Luckily her friend was able to help her get the newspaper.
 John bought the watch for his wife.
 The nephrologist told him his kidneys are normal.
 Harry was able to purchase his school supplies at the store.
 When she got inside, she saw a man with a gun waiting for her.
 I decided to wear gloves next time.
 It was a fun day.
 It went over the fence and he won the tournament.
 Matt had to find a new job and start over.
 They both loved the pizza.
 Susie then had to go to bed.
 Marsha's students were very happy.
 He threw the book away.
 We ended up going out to a restaurant and had a great time.
 Now I have a list of parts that I can add to my cart.
 They told me I had won first place!
 I put it back on the dresser and went to bed.
 It was the best pie I've ever had.
 He decided to break up with her.
 My daughter was horrified and had to clean it up.
 I went to the library to borrow books.
 Her parents agreed to buy her the car.
 Ellen was so exhausted she fell asleep on the way home.
 Tom had to pay a lot of money for the damages.
 I had to send it back and get a refund.
 John bought the new car.
 Tim had to call a plumber to fix the problem.
 Everyone loved the speech.
 She turned off the music and went back to her workout.
 My daughter and her husband were relieved.
 Her big sister was holding the iphone in her hands.
 Bob and Joe had a great time at the festival.
 She was so happy she almost cried!
 Nick lost weight and was very proud of himself.
 It was the best disco dance I've ever been to.
 He deleted the post.
 Tom was fired from his job.
 They were able to finish the job on time.
 Alicia opens the door and sees her son waiting for her.
 It was delicious!
 Tammy was happy with her purchase.
 But it was too strong and she had to throw it out.
 She was so shocked that she didn't speak to me for a week.
 Bob's house was the scariest he's ever had.
 We had a great time.
 My cousin was happy to see me.
 It was the best costume ever.
 He learned to never gamble again.
 Tommy and Emily built the sandcastles together.
 So I decided to start drinking coffee every night.
 I had to go to the hospital to get it fixed.
 The cashier apologized and gave Rick his money back.
 Tom had to call animal control.
 The fire was put out and the forest was saved.
 Sheena was happy that she was able to attend college.
 She realized that she had left the ring in the dresser.
 He never forgot sunscreen again.
 Will was so disappointed that he couldn't cook for dinner that night.
 We are going to buy him more games in the future.
 She was waiting for James to brush his teeth!
 The kids ran back to their car and went home.
 She realized she needed to be more careful with her jeans.
 John and his friend were arrested for theft.
 Robbie was very happy with his new sled.
 Tom was never able to play football again.
 It was a very pleasant experience and I plan on going back again.
 Jake ended up having a lot of fun with his friends.
 Fred was happy to have his name painted on the town hall.
 Maude decided to never use her old maps again.
 The kids loved it.
 It was a great way to celebrate with family and friends.
 The car was totaled.
 Jane had to go to the hospital and get better.
 Kate was so embarrassed.
 Luckily, my boss allowed me to keep my job.
 The townspeople called the authorities to report the sighting.
 Tom had to get rid of it.
 We had a great time playing baseball with our friends.
 Danni was so embarrassed that she never wore makeup again.
 He was promoted to general manager because of his hard work.
 He finally found his car in the parking lot.
 I helped her find a job and she started to feel better.
 We don't like to see our chickens molt.
 Tom was able to get rid of the dirt.
 He was able to play the piano with his friends.
 The basement smelled like snow to Kate's dismay.
 His friend picked him up to take him home.
 I think we will have to find a new water source.
 That's when one of us got pranked by his mother.
 We were very happy to see him run again.
 Joseph's wife was very happy to hear this.
 Tim's girlfriend took the kitty home.
 When he was finally able to get help, he was very happy!
 Jake had broken his ankle and had to get a cast on it.
 Soon he had become a model, and Anna was proud of him!
 Jake was able to get over his addiction.
 John's co-worker was happy to have a place to sleep.
 Joe's son was very happy to see his dad and not his boss.
 Danielle is now a very popular girl in the school.
 John and his wife had a great time at the show.
 Allie was disappointed.
 Tom wound up passing the test with flying colors.
 Tom never went back there again.
 Kondori taught the new girl how to make the key chain.
 Rick was very proud of his cooking ability!
 Luckily, I got a good grade on my report and got an extension.
 Omar was able to make a lot of money doing what he loved.
 He told me that he loved the show and wanted to see me again.
 Allen realized he needed to learn how to cook.
 He had to go to the hospital.
 Tom had to go to the store to get it fixed.
 Fred was sad that he lost.
 Bob successfully re-selled most of the company's retail stores.
 Warren went back to fishing.
 Her hair looked great.
 Tom was relieved.
 It was a great game.
 Tim never ran a marathon again.
 Sarah goes to the dentist and visits the dentist.
 Victoria's buns were delicious and she had a great time.
 Tom was known as a great trick or treater.
 Eventually Tim gave up and bought a new dog.
 She cleaned it up.
 I turned around and went home.
 When the results were announced, she was the new Miss.
 The cat liked the boy.
 He cooked the eggs for the omelette.
 Jason had a great time on his first day of surfing.
 Matt decided to keep the mop.
 They gave me a pink slip and told me to make my own ornament.
 Bob was able to listen to music without any ringing.
 Jerry hung the pictures on the wall.
 Tina couldn't wait to try it again.
 Tim decided to never climb the ladder again.
 He was so happy when he scored the winning touchdown!
 I had to go to the emergency room.
 He put the box away and went back to farming.
 Jessica was happy with her new look.
 Kate was happy with her purchase.
 Anna decided to take a trip to Bulgaria next year!
 Abby was so upset that she had to order a pizza.
 Tom never wore it again.
 The captain ordered the ship to sink.
 Tom wound up losing.
 She decided to keep the goldfish as pets!
 Ron was grounded for a month.
 Then I ate the blueberry muffins.
 It took him an hour to get home.
 So I decided to get a more expensive bike.
 He wore it to the party anyway.
 Sara was able to pay for her formula.
 They were the best I had ever had.
 He was happy to be learning how to use the bathroom.
 Oliver decided to only use social media from then on.
 Tom was able to get a new white shirt the next day.
 Philip thought it was the best fried meat he ever had.
 His bank account had been declined due to low interest.
 We had a great time playing in the water that day.
 Eventually he was able to quit.
 Buddy bought the device and kept track of his workouts.
 Alice had to take him to the doctor.
 The plane landed safely in New York City.
 Kitty looked at her phone and realized it was broken.
 James was able to pay the bill on time.
 Debbie had to replace the carpet.
 He took her out to dinner.
 There, she found the stolen iPod!
 Molly and the cat became best friends.
 They watched the movie and had a great time.
 Her son ate them anyway.
 When he got home, he drank the water from the fridge.
 The cat never looked back.
 The family member told her that she had left the water cooler.
 She had to cancel the concert.
 Randy was not able to play in the championship game.
 They had a great time and are now planning their second date.
 Tom was able to watch it without paying for it.
 Kate was able to fold the clothes for the punishment.
 So Susie had to play alone.
 Tom's girlfriend was so happy that she cried!
 I realized that I should not spend so much money on advertising.
 Omar decided to ride more carefully next time.
 Bob was able to retrieve his old wallet.
 The person who knocked the light turned out to be her best friend.
 Edna said she was going to weigh herself next week.
 Mavis had a great retirement party.
 I think she was just being paranoid.
 Finally, she was able to buy one.
 So I took the ferret home and kept it.
 Jason had to miss the rest of the season.
 She was so happy, she almost cried!
 Tim ran his heart out and won the race.
 Missy and her friend rode the four wheelerers together.
 Tim had to call the cops to get it back.
 Paul had to go to the hospital to get his face fixed.
 Ben was so happy he almost cried!
 I told her I was surprised.
 Then, we realized we were in the middle of a storm.
 When I woke up the next morning, I felt much better.
 It's a great way to spend our monthly money.
 Tom read it and loved it.
 I guess I'll just have to wait until they grow up.
 Robert went to bed feeling better.
 Lacy had to go to the hospital.
 He walked away, and I never saw him again.
 She went on her first day.
 She was able to work on the computer again the next day.
 My husband was very upset.
 I decided to stick with my diet and lose weight.
 Tom was happy with his purchase.
 He put it back in the dryer.
 She deleted the photo and apologized.
 Ana's sister-in-law was so proud of her!
 Tom never went on another cruise again.
 Kate was able to buy some for her friends.
 He was thankful for the church's help.
 His alarm went off again.
 When she got it back, it was broken.
 His classmates thought he was cool.
 They were able to put out the fire without any damage.
 Tim's cat got better.
 She had a great time at her party.
 She decided to walk the rest of the way.
 Now he is very happy with his teeth.
 But his mom didn't let him eat the rest of the donuts.
 Kate was so happy she almost cried!
 Megan ended up winning and was very happy.
 He was able to get the case thrown out.
 When she got home, she was happy.
 He didn't believe me.
 Greg was able to get the photo he needed.
 He was very happy with his purchase.
 Tom and the girl went out on a date.
 Her dad explained the problem and Emma was able to solve it.
 He asked me if I would like to join him in reciting the song.
 Toby and his dad were very happy with their new fish.
 Luckily, her ex-boyfriend helped her resolve the issue.
 Gina was embarrassed and walked away.
 It went in and they won the game!
 Alicia was relieved to finally be able to have children.
 My mother in law is not amused.
 Arnold graduated with honors and is now a successful lawyer.
 He was so happy to see me!
 Nita was happy that her glasses were no longer weaker.
 Johnny was grounded for a month.
 Karen was able to grow her newspaper business.
 Sue never got in trouble again.
 She forgot to add the garlic.
 Ryan made the band.
 Ana sold the watch for $9,000, making her very rich!
 He was able to win some cool items for his family.
 I was shocked and saddened.
 Will decided he would never clean his room again.
 We decided to cancel the trip and go on a vacation instead.
 The team raised enough money and won the competition.
 They lived happily ever after.
 We ended up buying a toy dog instead.
 He loved his costume and thought it was fun.
 Sara was so happy that she'd given away so many old clothes!
 Dan had to go to the emergency room to get help.
 Frank and the puppy are now best friends.
 Tim had to move out.
 I had to go to the hospital.
 He drove me back to my house.
 We are still talking about it but I think it is too soon.
 Tom's son was able to sleep soundly.
 Barney and his kids enjoyed their ice cream.
 They found the key in the back of the key chain.
 Maury had to go to the bathroom to cool off.
 I told him I would never talk to him again.
 The mailman finally passed the mail to Josh.
 Allison's mom was very proud of her cooking skills.
 John jumped out of the closet and into the night.
 Tina was grounded for a month.
 Jack had to throw out the sour milk.
 I burned the eggs while they were on the burner.
 They took him to the hospital.
 So I had to return it.
 He turned on the light and saw that his glasses had been stolen.
 Yenny ate the sundae happily.
 She was so upset.
 He said it was the best he'd ever had.
 We ran back to the house and luckily it was gone.
 Jerold and his brother had a great time at the party.
 I ended up having a great time at the party.
 Eventually she had to give it to someone else.
 Michael was able to go home and rest for a while.
 Tanya was able to figure out the source of the soup.
 We decided not to go hiking in that area again.
 So Susie and Kara had a great time.
 Andy was able to buy his car.
 Cara was kicked out of the theater.
 Then he put the tattoo on his arm.
 Now we have a beautiful vase, complete with pride.
 Mark was very happy that he had been able to see the museum.
 Ellie decided to wear more natural makeup at school.
 They would share an Xbox.
 Finally, I chose my best man.
 They told him to turn it down.
 Lauren's mom was so impressed with her new look, she gave her a hug.
 Jo was very proud of his success!
 Ian was able to pay off his mortgage.
 He attached it to the string and it worked perfectly.
 He got a zero on the midterm.
 Molly had to go to the hospital.
 Sarah went to the store and bought a new wardrobe.
 Kate had to start eating healthy again.
 Luckily, she made it to Portland and had a great time.
 She put the ashes in a vase.
 John and Mary had a great time at the movies.
 In three months Gary had lost the weight he had been craving!
 My niece was very happy.
 Mark never saw her again.
 Heather and her niece have a lot of fun together.
 Tom was able to protect himself and his privacy online.
 Jeremy is happy that he has a family reunion.
 Alicia was heartbroken.
 He had to get surgery to fix it.
 Arnold broke up with her.
 He decided to buy a new one.
 She told Drew that he was lying and gave him a hug.
 Tom had a great time traveling to the remote island.
 She won the pageant and was very happy.
 We had so much fun watching our favorite movies.
 Tim was kicked out of the restaurant.
 Ray was happy that he was able to get to where he wanted.
 He was able to get it back.
 Tina had to call for help to get her car fixed.
 We were very sad, but luckily, our daughter was okay.
 They talked for hours, then parted ways.
 His brother was so happy to receive the gift.
 He told me that he was afraid of the scary man.
 Anna was proud of her handiwork!
 John and his wife had to go to the store to buy a new alarm.
 Eventually the badger got tired and ate Tom's food.
